
2.1
What a busy period.
a long period of time
a short period of time
a happy period of life
a dark period of history
How come — why
How come they didn’t invite you?
How come you look so tired?
It took… to…
tide is coming in
tide is going out

defeat
The young boxer surprisingly defeated last year's champion in the second round.
The troop was defeated by its enemies due to a misjudgement of the situation.
The team's morale hit rock bottom after their humiliating defeat.
tide
We were searching for crab at the beach when the tide was low.
The fishing boat returned at high tide.
flow in / ebb
The tide will ebb at 1 p.m. and flow in around 7 p.m.
pinch / pincher
The boots pinch my feet. The toes are too tight.
When I got accepted by my ideal company, I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming.
grab / grabbed / grabbing
The mom grabbed the boy's arm to stop him from falling down the stairs.
The owner of the shop grabbed the thief by his sleeve so he couldn't get away.

2.2
What’s your Chinese animal.
Rob was born in the year of snake.
He was born to succeed.
She was born to be superstar.
That’s a yearly event.
a monthly dinner plan
a weekly meeting
a daily newspaper
Let’s call it a day.
… until it is too late
What day is it today?
What’s the date today?
the 2nd of February
the (adj) + (n) yet
Yesterday was the coldest day yet.(maybe tomorrow will be colder)
As the sound died out, the drums stopped beating.
The waving line of torches looked like a giant snake coming down the mountain side on the way to the beach.

snap
The door snapped shut behind him as he angrily left the meeting.
The singers snapped the fingers to the beat of the music.
feast
There was so much gourmet food and great music at the wedding feast.
The fasion show is a feast for the eyes.
After the hunters brought their game back, the whole trible feasted together.
claw
The chef tied up the claws of the lobster before cooking it.
When the boy picked up the crab, he got hurt by its claw.
The strong, curvy claws of woodpeckers enable them to cling onto trees easily.
shell
The shell necklace was hand carved by the aboriginals.
The owner of the seaside cafe used many beautiful seashells for decoration.
The shell of this crab claw is hard to break.

2.3
They went on a trip on their own.
Being a good leader takes practice, so start today.
Being a good doctor takes a lot of time.
student government
You lost your car keys, that’s why you didn’t make to the show.
to go craping
I can’t wait to do sth.
I can hardly wait to do sth.
(v) + by the light of…

stab
The robber stabbed the clerk in the stomach and then escaped.
Irene felt like she had been stabbed in the back when she found out her colleagues told her boss she wasn’t a hard worker.
dodge
The police officer dodged the kid nappers’ bullets.
The quarterback smoothly dodged the defense players and scored a touchdown.
The singer dodged the reporter’s question about her private life.
bravery
The monument was built to commemorate the unsung heroe's bravery.
The soldier was awarded a medal for his act of exceptional bravery.
brave
Sandra was brave enough to study abroad by herself at a very young age.
islander
The majority of the islanders are opposed to the new development.
Tourism has been the main source of income for the islanders since the mid 90's.

2.4
That sounds crazy!
more (adj.) than you think
I couldn’t be better — I am great
I could be better — I am not very well.
That’s driving me crazy!

life hack
Using cereal boxes to organize mail is a very practical and eco-friendly life hack.
Mandy used many life hacks for moving that she had learned from the Internet, and most of them worked really well.
shatter
A loud bang shattered the shop’s glass window.
Ben’s heart was shattered when his girlfriend suddenly broke up with him.
The shattered glass went all over the kitchen floor.
splinter
The splinter in my thumb really bothers me a lot.
The doctor took hours to remove the splinters of glass from the patient’s leg.
modest
Luckily, the typhoon only caused modest damage to the coastal area.
The country’s economic growth over the past few years was modest.
Even though Hank has always been very successful in his career, he remains modest and down-to-earth.


2.6
May I help you?
How may i help you?
(How) can i help you?
(n) + of choice

apparently
Apparently, no sane voter trusted that politician after the scandal.
Everyone thought Josh would enjoy life in Paris; apparently, he misses his hometown greatly.
protection
All cyclists must wear helmets for protection.
The witness was put under police protection because there was concern about his safety.
against
The mountains offer great protection to people in the valley against storms.
extended
The extended warranty on this vacuum cleaner costs only US$25.
The newlyweds decided to take an extended honeymoon in Tahiti.
bounce
The boy bumped his head while bouncing up and down on his bed.
My father loved to bounce me on his knee when I was a baby.
The coach told the player to practice bouncing the ball against the wall.

2.7
A couple minutes is better than none.
They taste terrific too.
They each have a ticket.
Henry and Chris each drive a car.
Do you have (something) available?
Do you have any black leather jackets available?
Do you carry any black leather jackets?

expansion
There’s not enough room for the expansion of the school building.
The expansion of a business not only requires money but also capable staff.
The movie is an expansion of this popular sit-com using the same cast and setting.
location
The location of our new office is close to the MRT.
The museum is in a wonderful location overlooking a beautiful valley full of cherry trees.
locate
The hospital is located next to city hall.
witness
Mike was one of the people who witnessed the fall of the Berlin Wall.
An old lady in the neighborhood happened to witness the robbery.
The doctor will testify in court as a key witness.
athlete
The boy has the build of an athlete.
athletic
Chelsea looks very athletic.
an athletic club


2.8
from then on…
That’s Tina and Tony’s father
That’s Mary,Sally and Jennifer’s apartment

array
The restaurant serves a splendid array of fresh seafood.
We were amazed by the vast array of stores in the mega-sized shopping mall.
The hostess arrayed all sorts of delicious delicacies on the dinning table.
procession
A long line of many fancy cars formed the wedding procession.
Our customer service department has dealt with a procession of complaints all day today.
ornament
The glass Christmas tree ornament was bought in Venice.
The ornaments displayed in the garden are mostly handmade.
The hotel’s rococo ornament attracts many customers.
polo
Prince Charles used to be an excellent polo player.
One of the most important polo events of the year will be held in this stadium next week.
This brand used to produce polo gear for royal family.

2.9
sign of horror
no… is complete without
too much for…
to dot with…
the last episode of Game of Thrones (may be the most recent one  or the final one)
the latest episode of Game of Thrones

assess
In this school, the teacher is assessed by their students each semester.
It’s difficult to assess the cost of the damage caused by the hurricane.
assessment
Risk assessment is important for major investments.
turban
Turban in different colors and styles are sold in this market.
The turban must be tied firmly around the head so it won’t fall.
The ornaments on the bride’s turban were gifts from the family.
ware
The company started to sell their wares overseas recently.
Mom got most of her kitchenware from flea markets.
All the silverware is polished regularly.
intricate
The intricate details of the wedding gown caught my eye.
Many tourists were confused by the city’s intricate subway system.

2.10
Singing and moving at the same time is not easy.
When the customers are done with their salad,  they are ready for next course.
Have you ever wanted to…?
Let’s meet on Saturday. I am free then.
We didn’t have the internet back then.
Cats are better than dogs.
Prevention is better than cure.
Reach for the sky!

aerial tram/sky tram/cable car
The Portland Aerial Tram offers a great view of the city of Portland.
During the aerial tram ride, a boy suddenly had an asthma attack.
zoom
The robbers got into a car and zoomed off.
 The kids zoomed out of the classroom as soon as the school bell rang.
The company’s stock price has zoomed  up in the past week.
undoubtedly
Grace is undoubtedly one of our smartest students.
Undoubtedly, we will stick together as a family - come rain or shine.
revolve
The Earth revolves around the sun.
Slowly, the girl revolved to face the boy and gave him a bright smile.
rotate
Rotate the lock to six and then twelve.

2.11
in development
microwave oven
Put the fish in the microwave
Throw the fish in the microwave
nuke(nuclear)
Nuke it!
noted for...

splendid
We had a splendid time in Bali.
The cruise offers splendid food and entertainment onboard.
The actress looks splendid in her evening gown.
upgrade
The passenger got free upgrade to business class because the flight was overbooked.
The upgrade to the latest version cost US$250.
The system is being upgraded now.
accommodate
The ballroom can accommodate over 300 guests.
There weren’t enough rooms in the hotel to accommodate such a big group.
This restaurant does good job accommodating the physically challenged.
destination
The final destination of this flight is Seattle.
Maui is a very popular destination for many honeymooners. 
The parcel was lost during shipment and never reached its destination.

2.13
especially when…
no matter what 
good sport/good loser/sore loser
He’s such a good sport.
There’s nothing (adj.) about…
to be easy on…

iced
This restaurant services the best iced tea in town.
Many Chinese believe that iced drinks are not unhealthy especially for women.
lunch special
The lunch special for today is curry chicken rice.
business lunch
There’s a wide variety of business lunches on the menu to choose from.
constrict
This toxic gas can constrict one’s air passage in just seconds.
Make sure you don’t wear an outfit that might constrict your movements during class.
metabolism
The latest research shows that stress can lower one’s metabolism.
Regular exercise help s accelerate your metabolism.
As teenager, Sarah was very thin and had a fast metabolism.
What is the lunch special for today?
There are 204 calories in a cup of white rice.

2.14
Fancy that!
to fight a disease
it comes down to…
to give… a chance
go south/go downhill
At my age, everything is going south.

process
Making mistakes is an important part of every child’s learning process.
Getting work-related injury compensation can be a long process.
opposite
Sam is very outgoing, but his twin brother is just exact opposite.
It’s not easy to learn how to drive on opposite side of the road for a newcomer  in England.
The guy sitting opposite to me was  staring at us all through the dinner.
digestion
Chewing your food thoroughly help your digestion.
The patient suffers  from poor digestion after her surgery.
digest
Cured meat is not easy to digest.
in general
In general, parents of younger kids prefer female caregivers over male ones.
In general, the new employee seems to have adjusted well.

2.15
potential to…
in danger of…
upcoming / up and coming
upcoming movie
up and coming director
here to stay
… to come

ominous
In China, many believe that ravens are ominous.
Ominous dark clouds enveloped the castle.
Our flight’s departure looks like ominous because the mechanics can’t seem to fix the engine problem.
collide
Two motorcycles collided in the intersection, and one of the riders was seriously injured.
Our quarterback broke his nose when he collided with one of the other team’s defensive players.
gravity
Newton discovered the law of gravity and changed the history of modern science.
Gravity on the moon is on sixth of what it is on the Earth.
From this quarter’s sales figures, I see the gravity of the company’s situation.
orbit
The satellite was launched into the Earth’s orbit and is functioning normally now.
The physics teacher used a model to explain the orbit of an atom.
 Earth orbits the sun.

2.16
to get a head
No one ever gets a head who quits when things get hard.
to take an interest in
the light at the end of the tunnel

tenacity
Jason’s tenacity has seen him through many challenges, and he finally won the championship.
The girl’s tenacity and courage has inspired many others who have same disease.
resign
The company’s stock price crashed after the CEO resigned.
After Steward resigned from his position he started to golf.
Patric resigned from his job after getting a offer at different company.
resignation
Ricky handed in his resignation last week.
junior
Henry got into the junior national football team at age 15.
senior
This boy made his debut at age 17 in the senior football league game against Argentina.
try out for
Billy try out for the junior baseball team and made it.
Mellisa wants to try out for the school choir.
tryout
The tryout for the football team will be next Monday.

2.17
I call shotgun
get better with

give up
The riddle is too hard. I give up, just tell me the answer.
Gina has a lot of determination, she’s not going to give up easily.
I know you won’t give up on me.
William has already given up on his dream to become an actor.
dreadful
The restaurant’s service was dreadful, but the food was really tasty.
I got this dreadful cold and have to call in sick for two days.
distressing
The news of this poor child refugees was so distressing.
distressed
The distressed parents were looking for their missing girl all over town.
slam
A truck slammed into the car and badly wounded the car’s driver.
Bob was so mad. He slammed the door behind him when he left the room.

2.18
knocked out
to come out
do something to the best of my ability
do something as (adverb) as I can
I will wrk as fast as I can
I will cross the river as carefully as I can(could)
If we do our best, no matter how much we’d like to quit, we too will discover the rewards of tenacity.
to make one special

playoff
The team that wins two games in row will make it into the playoffs.
Nick bought his son tickets to the NBA playoff games for his birthday.
unconscious
The victim of the car accident remains unconscious.
Helen was driven by the unconscious desire to please others.
conscious
The patient was conscious throughout the entire surgery.  
fatigue
A long hard day of physical exercises fatigued the trainees.
Sherry was fatigued by the kids in her class.
fatigued
Ashley got really fatigued after her workout.
dedication
The director was awarded for his dedication to the movie industry.
dedicate
The doctor dedicated his entire life to the people of this island.


2.20
I’m a police officer. I’m on control.
I’m on duty today.
Sarah is on leave.
He is in japan on business.
I got two tickets because parking  car in wrong place.
fender bender/totaled  — total loss
The car was totaled in the accident.
to scan for.  ..

glisten
The girl’s eyes glisten with tears, and then she started crying out loud.
The boy’s forehead glistened with sweat because he was playing in the sun.
The stars glisten at night.
frigid
Not many people can stand this area’s frigid weather.
The water’s frigid temperature almost killed the girl who fell into the lake.
You can feel the school’s frigid atmosphere just from the looks of the teachers.
outfitter
There are several camping outfitters right outside the campsite.
The kayak outfitter also offers guided kayaking tours.
cling/clung/clung
The boy’s wet clothes clung to his body, and he was shivering.
The girl clung to her mother’s arm and refused to go into the classroom.
Children often cling to their parents when they feel sick.

2.21
guided tour
The research was down willy-nilly.
That’s not a decision you should make willy-nilly.

imposing
The actor’s imposing appearance and strong voice make him perfect for this role.
The imposing mansion was designed by a famous architect from England.
predator
Lions are the ultimate predators. The don’t have any natural enemies.
prey
Females with no companions are easy prey for robbers.
literally
Karaoke, literally translated “no band”, means the singers sing along with prerecorded music.
Tina was literally shocked when she found out that she had gotten the role.
hardy
Few hardy souls can swim in this icy lake during the winter.
The man proved himself hardy enough to overcome circumstances in the wild. 
These hardy plants can still grow in Arctic Circle.

2.22
far from…

pitch
The singer drop her voice to a lower pitch because she had a sore throat.
tone
The tenor’s rich tone of voice and excellent skills were praised by many critics.
academy
Josh got admitted to the United States Air Force Academy.
Brandon became an officer after he graduated from the police Academy.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
category
The apples were sorted into categories according to their quality.
After a long discussion, the judges finally decided the winners for each category.
A category-3 hurricane is getting close to Florida.
compose
The song “Stand By Me” was composed by John Lennon.
Female students composed 60 percent of our student body.

2.23
What do you suggest?
Let’s get another opinion!
Let’s get a different opinion!
When else can you go?
to take a turn
Thank you for the gift/ the ride / dinner.
Thank you fro making dinner / inviting me to dinner / paying for dinner.
It seems Lennox will continue singing not so much for fans as for the whole world.
to draw strength from…
no so much for.. as for...

awareness
There’s been a growing awareness of the severity of global warming in the past decade. 
The foundation’s goal is to raise public awareness of the harm caused by smoking.
gender
The parents decided not to know their baby’s gender till it is born.
Gender bias still exists even in many so-called “well-developed” countries.
Gender ratio in this school is quite even.
communication
The training is to sharpen your communication skills.
Since Susan’s husband moved to another city to work, there have been frequent communications between the couple.
communicator
A doctor must be a good communicator who listens carefully and expresses his or herself clearly.
The director has always been a great communicator, he can move you with images, without speaking.

2.24
If I treat your things well, then I’m showing that i care about you as well.
Does you pencil have an eraser.
You borrow my eraser and use almost all of it.
Visiting fantastic beaches is a best kind of vacation.
Sunburns are the worst.
Bug bites are the worst.
Photo trips are the best vacation.
A day at beach is the best day ever.
Flying home with a sunburn is the worst feeling.
overthink / jump to conclusions
Don’t jump to conclusions.
in the case of…
Daniel pulled a muscle two days before the basketball tournament.
You need to borrow things better next time.
It’s right over this way.

sprain
Nathan got a bad ankle sprain while playing basketball.
It’s only a minor sprain. Rest a few days, and you will be fine.
Alex sprained his back when he picked up a heavy box.
injury
The patient suffers from a serious neck injury.
The football player had to quit the game because of his knee injury.
Fortunately, the man riding the motorcycle escaped injury.
injure
The little girl’s leg got injured when she fell from tree.
trauma
The X-ray shows the patient is suffering from an abdominal trauma.
The victim of the car accident suffered multiple head traumas.
Victor’s emotional problems are caused by childhood trauma.
numb
Alcohol can numb one’s senses easily.
The cold wind numbed my face.
After getting stung by a jellyfish, the boy’s arm became totally numb.
Don’t worry, the dentist will numb your mouth.

2.25
good treatment for…
… is the answer
result from…
Easy as pie!

Apply
Apply the ointment to the cut, and then wrap it in a bandage.
You can apply online to renew your driver’s license.
maximum
Our production levels have reached their maximum. We can’t take any more orders.
The maximum speed here is 100 kilometers per hour.
minimum
We need a minimum of five people to make a team.
a minimum wage
heal
If you keep the wound dry and clean, it’ll heal fast.
Vitamin B6 helps your cold sores heal faster.
Mark’s girlfriend left him months ago, and his broken heart still hasn’t healed.
cinch
Buying gifts is a cinch for Louise. She can pick just the right thing for each person.
The team has never lost a game during the tournament. The championship seems to be a cinch for them.

2.27
every other year/month/week/day
think of… as…
too/so — intensifier
It’s too cold — negative
It’s so nice out today  — positive
It is too good to be true.
walk away from…
fresh perspective

doodle
Barb doodled absent-mindedly during the meeting.
This famous cartoon character actually started from the animator’s doodles on a napkin.
margin
My writing teacher always writes her comments in the right margin.
The top margin on this page is wider than on other pages.
The new mayor won the election by a narrow margin.
suggest
Lots of research suggested that babies in wombs can be affected by the emotions of their mothers.
Something in the interviewee’s reaction suggested to me that he wasn’t telling the truth.
figure out
No one has figured out how this magician escaped from the locked room.
It took me three hours to figure out the answer to the math question.

2.28
(ordinal number) + (superlative)
It's the third most popular country in Europe for foreign visitors.
It’s the eighth best city in Asia.
Remember to throw a coin in the fountain and make two wishes.
I give my best wishes to you! / You have my best wishes! — blessing
to run a business
It’s too cold to go swimming.
English is too difficult (to learn) — It implies that you will give up learning English.
English is so hard — It’s just a complain and you will continue to learn it.
(verb) + away!

admit
Melanie admitted her fear to men is the reason she never dates.
The defendant was sentenced to prison after admitting to all the charges.
incorporate
This new car incorporates the latest entertainment features.
The decor of the hotel incorporates styles from several Asian countries.
lecture
Professor Anderson’s lectures on art history have always been my favorite.
The boy’s mother gave him a lecture when she found out that he had been smoking.
focus
You need to focus when operating such complicated machinery.
Stop focusing on your own problems. You need to care for others.
I can’t focus properly after working on the computer for a long time.
