sc-201612

1201
wondrous
We were amazed by the wondrous scenery of the valley.
I can never forget the wondrous experience of riding in a hot-air balloon.
The newly developed technology has a wondrous effect on curing asthma.
drink
The doctor told the patient to stop smoking and drinking at once.
Henry drinks so much that it has started to affect his work.
Jack bought drinks for everyone to celebrate his promotion.
peculiar
George’s peculiar fashion taste made him an outstanding designer.
The peculiar smell of the herb repels mosquitoes.
 It’s peculiar that the custom service department didn’t receive any calls of complaints today.
startle
The loud bang in the basement startled us.
The little girl was startled by the intense scene in the action movie.
The startling inside story of the scandal was revealed last week.

to ring out
A loud noise rings out
…could be… if + (not)
You could be a great  singer if you weren’t so lazy.
alcoholic
for once
ulterior motive

1202
compose
The piece of music was composed for a film.
It only took an hour for the song writer to compose this number one hit song.
composer
This award-winning composer was greatly inspired by his mother, who was also a great musician.
composition
This composition is one of the musician’s early works.
Marvin studied piano and composition when he was in music school.
This chemical composition of this newly found substance is still unknown.
shabby
The shabby old building is scheduled to be tore down next year.
The homeless guy only had a shabby coat to wear in cold weather.
Sarah complained about the shabby treatment she got at her workplace.
deliver
Your order will be delivered tomorrow.
 Dairy food need to be kept and delivered at low temperature.
delivery
The price of this product is US$59, including delivery.


court orchestra
tween
young adult
most of all 
It is more blessed to give than to receive.


1203
bravo
The protesters chanted “Bravo! Bravo!” after the mayor accepted their proposal.
“Bravo!” the audience shouted as Alex finished his piano piece.
encore
The audience shouted “Encore! Encore!” after the singer finished his last song.
The band played an old hit for its encore. conduct
Diane has been conducting the church choir since she graduated from music college.
conductor
The conductor gently raised his baton and started the piece softly. 
symphony
This symphony is one of the composer’s most difficult works.
William plays oboe in the New York Symphony Orchestra.

from far and near
the most… ever + (v.)
I think the Taipei 101 is one of the most amazing buildings ever built.
going blind
going bald
go barefoot
go hungry
go green
go to pieces
to be glued to…
standing ovation
The music was so clear in Ludwig’s mind that he conducted beautifully.
I write not for you, but for those who shall come after.

1205
a tube of glue
floor button
a pair of scissors
a tube of toothpaste
this is a tube of paint

the edge of one’s seat
enigma machine
Pacific theater
Navajo language
crack the code
wild goose chase


spy
This general turned to be a spy who had been passing secrets to the enemy for many years.
spied for
The secret agent spied for Russia for more than 15 years.
nazi - the Nazi
The Nazis occupied Paris during World War II.
The memoir was written by a former Nazi officer.
animated
The Little Mermaid is my niece’s favorite animated film.
 We had an animated discussion about last night's football game during our lunch break.
fabled
The setting of the movie was a fabled country.
 The fabled Robert De Niro starred in the comedy.
You must try the fabled roast beef of this restaurant.

1206
Why didn’t you do sth.
Why didn’t we go to the zoo.
Why didn’t she come to the party.
…didn’t do anything.
The door bell didn’t do anything.
the door bell didn’t work.
The medicine isn’t doing anything.
The medicine isn’t working.

sci-fi = science fiction
Jupiter
Saturn
Uranus
horizontal axis
Neptune
Pluto
dwarf-planet
to go wrong
nothing seems to right
What went wrong
to get the chance to…
to get someone to + (v.)

rebellion
The armed rebellion caused over 100 casualties.
The boy’s behavior shows his rebellion and anger.
criminal
Five criminals escaped from this jail last night.
The dangerous criminal will be transported to a maximum security prison.
The suspect is facing  various criminal charges.
eager
The rookie police officer is eager to solve his first case.
You can tell this guy is eager for recognition.
An athlete must have an eagerness to win.
musical
My Fair Lady is on of my favorite musicals.
Tonya’s dream is to become a leading lady in musicals.
The girl’s musical career took off after her first album was released.

1207
put a dent in one’s wallet  — to cost a lot of money
constant costs — steady costs — monthly costs — fixed costs
What are the rules again?
What’s this name again?
When is the wedding again?
Which movie are we watching again?
I have an idea for the story.
Great idea
Look at all the gifts . — It’s a way to show how surprised or excited she is, because of a lot of something.
Look at all those mountains. — It can just mean you like something.
I’m not telling.

hot spot — tourist trap 
it’s all in the… — it depends on sth.
It’s all in sauce.
to make all the difference
Stretching before your excise makes all the difference.
Painting the walls has made all the difference of my bedroom.
staff — (plural.) staff members

embark
Our team is embarking on a national advertising campaign.
We embarked at Vancouver for Anchorage.
disembark
The passengers of this flight already disembarked at gate 6.
prohibitive
The housing prices in Manhattan are incredibly prohibitive.
The cost of this newly developed cancer treatment is prohibitive for most patients.
accommodation
Some to the hotel’s accommodations are designed for the physical challenged.
accommodations
Accommodations are included in the school fees.
dock
The cruise ship docked at Hong kong and Shanghai.
Many people gathered at the dock to see the aircraft carrier return.



1208
Does it smell like apple?
My sister is in the middle.
Put flowers in the middle of the table.
I’m in the middle of the meeting.
I can’t open it until Christmas.
She didn’t go to bed until 11 o’clock.
I didn’t see him until lunch.

to get one’s feet on the ground
He like to daydream a lot. He needs to get both feet on the ground.
Take care that you don’t slip on the ice.
Can you take care of the baby for a few minutes?
to make an impact
to play a part

biologist
Stewart is a renowned biologist who specializes in biochemistry.
biology
Britney majored in marine biology when she was in college.
mountaineering
Mountaineering requires not only skills and physical strength, but also a strong will.
The mountaineers were trapped in the cabin because of the blizzard.
precaution
Before the hurricane hit, people in the coastal areas were evacuated as precaution.
The hospital took the necessary precautions to stop the disease from spreading.
exotic
Uncle Sean loves to tell the story of exotic places because he used to be a sailor.
The restaurant’s exotic decorations and fresh seafood attract many customers.

120708 article
article
The bottom of the world — Antarctica: the coldest vacation hot spot
Antarctica doesn’t seem very inviting, but about 37,000 visitors are expected to embark on the trip to the frozen continent during this tourist season.
Getting there
When contemplating a visit to Earth’s southernmost point, one immediately questions the route. First of all, it’s important to realize that ice, wind and low temperatures make a trip to Antartica an impossibility outside November through March.
Once you’ve worked out timing, you’ll also have to consider the almost prohibitive cost of your ship ticket — from US$3,500 to US$25,000. This doesn’t include airfare to your port, usually in South America, Australia or New Zealand.
It’s all in the boat
Deciding what kind of boat on which to travel will make all the difference as accommodations vary greatly from one to the next. Large cruises, which might carry from 500 to 3,000 passengers, are good for vacationers and learners, but they never dock at a port. Smaller vessels, such as yachts and dive boats, allow you on the continent, and their staff plan various physical activities for visitors.
Land oh!
Those who actually get their feet on the ground will be privileged to a very unique experience, including many educational opportunities. Tours of active scientific research facilities manned by biologists and geologists are often available. Visitors are also able to see various penguins and seals, some of which are bold enough to get up close and personal. Finally a few adventures ones will enjoy kayaking, mountaineering and diving during their time on the icy land.
Taking care
Another consideration that must be made when visiting Antarctica is one’s environment footprint. Every tourist, guide, research and ship make an impact on the far away part of our Earth. Precautions such as time limits  on land, keeping 5-meter distance from animals and rules against taking or leaving anything on the continent are strictly kept.
Some wonder if it’s better for people just to stay away from Antarctica if they are so likely to affect the land negatively. But most will say that seeing Antarctica helps make the world more aware of the part this beautifully exotic location plays in the global environment.

1209
Sanxia is a place full of history and culture.
Sanxia is a place that’s full of history and culture.
That is a place full of fun and excitement.
My country is a place full of beauty and nature.
high five
 air five
 fist bump
taking a personal interest in…
Celebrations give employees recognition for doing their job well and for milestones in their personal lives.
Being recognized for great work shows employees that the company values their contributions.
Celebrating personal events such as birthdays, weddings and new babies shows the company takes personal interest in its staff.
have a seat
to throw a party

intangible
Intangible assets such as wisdom, morality and good will are more valuable than money.
This building has an intangible charm.
tangible
The new campaign hasn’t brought any tangible benefits.
milestone
Irene felt that starting her own business was an important milestone in her life.
The invention of this medicine was a milestone in the treatment of AIDS.
on the contrary
After Greg found out about his disease, he didn’t stop attending school. On the contrary, he studied even harder.
I thought the play would be boring. On the contrary, I enjoyed it very much.
reward
The teacher gives stickers to reward her preschoolers.
Jonathan’s hard work finally was rewarded with promotion.
Whoever finished the task first will be given a reward.

12.10
ups and downs  — the highs and the lows — good times and bad times
all in all — in general — over all
We’ve had our ups and downs, but all in all we’ve done well this year.
huge hit — big success
to turn a profit
Our phone app for Celebrity magazine has been a huge hit and has turned a nice profit for the company.
couldn’t have + (v.) + without…
We couldn’t done that without your dedication, creativity and hard work.
Not so fast!
rejoice with those who rejoice

celebrity
The celebrity couple’s wedding was heavily covered by the media.
Joanne was just an ordinary girl last year, but now she is a celebrity because of her performance in a TV singing contest.
celeb
Many celebs love to dine at this restaurant. 
download
It only takes seconds to download this phone APP.
This download needs to be approved by the authorities.
Nathan is uploading his film to his personal cloud.
karaoke
We celebrated our dad’s birthday by holding a four-hour karaoke contest.
Bobby and his buddy Victor sang many duets in a karaoke lounge last night.
depart
My boss is scheduled to depart for Beijing this afternoon.
departure
The departure time for this flight is 10:45 a.m.

12.12
nice to meet you — first time
nice to see you — already know that person
Nothing says Christmas like a poinsettia.
Wether in pots or gardens, the flame-red poinsettia plant announces Christmas is coming.
Native to southern Mexico, the plant was associated with purity by Mexican Aztecs.
nothing says… like…
Nothing says New Year like fireworks.
foreigners living in their own country
go the extra mile
to bring… and… together
An old legend brought poinsettia and Christmas together.
I love to bring my old and new friends together.
From that day forth, poinsettia were known as “Flowers of the Holy Night.”
It’s the thought that counts.

associate
Most people associate this celebrity with charity work.
Inventors associate with on another through this platform.
purity
A gem stones’ quality is evaluated by its size, cut and purity.
The purity of the singer’s voice made her very unique.
You can see purity and innocence in these young faces.
console
Sophie lost the dance contest yesterday, so her mother had to spend a lot of time consoling her.
consolation
Lauren found consolation in her faith after her husband passed away.
embarrass
Howard is embarrassed by his humble background.
He got drunk and embarrassed himself in front of everyone.

12.13
mind goes blank
writer’s block
to let your mind wander
to zone out
easier said than done
to use your imagination

dilemma
The detective is in a dilemma about whether or not to put this poor thief in jail.
 The man is facing a moral dilemma of whether tell a lie to save his marriage or just tell the truth.
slump
The oil industry is currently in the slump.
There’s been a slump in the demand for cellphones the past few months.
England’s stock market slumped after they left the EU.
stimulate
Exercise simulates our cardiovascular systems.
These board games were designed to stimulate the players to think.
stimulation
The gifted child craves intellectual stimulation.
distraction
Peter goes to the library to study to avoid distractions.
The loud music coming from next door is driving me to distraction. 

12.14
to hold one back
dog(doggie)
comfortable(comfy)
television(telly)
selfie
movie — moving picture
I must be a genius because nobody understands me.
to stir the imagination

inspiration
Many artists go to Africa in search of inspiration.
The inspiration of this fashion collection comes from Japanese kimonos.
inspire
The teacher inspire his students by challenging them to solve problem in teams.
diminish
The politician’s reputation was greatly diminished by the scandal.
The boy’s hostility slowly diminished because he bonded with his classmates.
trinket
Julio sells trinkets outside the train station.
Nora keeps the trinkets her friends give her in a jewelry box.
Ella bought this cute trinket from a flea market.
surge
The singer was overwhelmed by a surge of emptiness after the performance ended.
The surge in housing prices forced many people to move out of the downtown area. 


12.15
back heel cushion
Let’s start with main dishes.
Let’s start with Nina.
I start with bread.
Which did you start with.
Is that simple to do.
What are some other easy dishes?
What are some other good books?
What are some other fun games?

master of
to keep… alive
keep that passion alive
keep plant alive
the sweet smell of success
What’s that smell?
Your feet really smell.
There’s a weird smell in the room.

look after
Don’t worry about your son. He can look after himself.
We looked after our neighbor’s dogs when they were away.
Pam look after her family business even though she got married.
mighty
In next game, the team will face the mighty Yankees.
We stood on the bank gazing at the mighty Yellow River.
raspberry
Gina bought some raspberry jam at an organic farm.
blueberry strawberry cranberry mulberry
completely
Claire says she’s completely content with her life right now.
I completely forgot about my dental appointment.
complete
The report won’t be complete without those data.

12.16
sausage
You can never have too many deserts.
You can never have too many friends.
People can never have too much money.
I think people will really like it.
Ham and potato go well together.
Banana and chocolate go well together.
I think these people go well together.
I haven’t started watching tv yet.
I haven’t gone to work yet.
I haven’t eaten anything yet.
I haven’t found job yet.
I haven’t got angry yet.

belly
Daniel’s determined to lose his beer belly, so he exercises every day.
After eating his favorite fried chicken dish, the boy fell asleep with a full                   belly.
cider
The cinders still burning under the ashes are about to explode.
Those cookies were burnt to cinders.
The family still use cinder blocks to cook.
twig
The beavers collected twigs to build their homes.
We collected some dry twigs to start our fire.
After her explanation,I finally twigged why my application had been rejected.
handful
The boy grabbed a handful of coins and rushed out to catch the bus.
Only a handful of doctors are willing to go into the infected zone to help the sick.
onto
The cat jumped onto the chair.
We walked onto the beach.
on to
John wants to pass his beliefs on to his children.

12.17
Fire is a good servant but a bad master.

flame
When the oil truck exploded, the car next to it burst into flames.
The house was quickly consumed by flames.
The sky seemed to flame in the sunset.
The girl’s face flamed because she was upset.
turn away
The movie star turned away when the paparazzi tried to take his picture.
Due to space and stuff limitations, the hospital had to turn away patients.
whisker
Seals’ whiskers can detect the water movements around them.
You’ve got chocolate syrup on your whiskers.
jar
Grandma put her homemade pickles in jars.
Food from a jar is quite popular because it’s eco-friendly and healthy.
We can consume a whole jar of instant coffee per day.

12.19
Can you speak a little slower, please.
Old habits die hard.
for the sake of…
to get sb. going
My memory is like a sieve.
to lose heart — to stop believing in yourself
misspelled words

just the ticket
The kids in the neighborhood have no place to go, so a new community center is just the ticket.
Josh has been under so much stress lately. A vacation is just the ticket for him.
agility
The job requires not only physical but also mental agility.
The girl has got the agility of a cat.
agile
Leopards are agile climbers.
anxiety
Kids feel more anxiety than adults while adjusting to a new environment.
Job anxieties and unsolved family issues kept Bill awake all night.
self-esteem
These disadvantaged kids suffer from low self-esteem and need to be encouraged.
The girl’s self-esteem was boosted because of the make-over.

12.20
dose of…
all the better
be bound to do sth
be bound to be…
There are bound to be….
It’s bound to rain today.
The concert is bound to be exciting.

drive
The defeat give this competitive athlete the drive to win next time.
Edward’s drive and enthusiasm inspired his team members.
Love can drive people to do crazy things.
access
All the residents of the building have access to the gym in the basement.
Only authorized persons have access to these confidential files.
pant
I couldn’t stop panting after climbing so many stairs.
The girl was panting while chasing her little brother.
While she reached the mountaintop, Janet panted, “I knew I could beat you guys!”
pace
Alice hasn’t gotten used to the pace of city life yet.
The boy slowed down his pace while he walked with his grandmother.
You have to pace yourself while running a marathon.

12.21
It’s a long drive.
We had a nice drive yesterday.
Don’t worry, it’s just a short drive.
That’s a long drive.
I’m getting off work now.
Do you want to take afternoon off work.
Can I take the day off?
I like to take Friday off.
to stand firm
high achiever
go-getter
to deal a blow
little did… know
The last time we were all together was in 2010.
That test was altogether too difficult.
She stopped speaking altogether.

adversity
Chloe’s determination got her through many adversities.
Jacob always stays strong and optimistic in adversity.
persevere
Despite her health problems, the girl persevered and got her college degree.
These soldiers persevered and finally won the battle.
perseverance
The lawyer’s hard work and perseverance finally paid off, and he won the case.
stummer
The boy stammers whenever he is asked to speak in public.
Ashley stammered a bit at the beginning of her speech.
Frank’s stammer was cured after treatment.
follow in someone’s footsteps
Timothy decide to follow in his father’s footsteps and become a doctor.
Brenda followed in her aunt’s footsteps and became a chef.

12.22
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.

specialize
The doctor specializes in treating lupus.
The lawyer specializes in international law.
audition
Steve auditioned for a role in an action movie.
Jill went to over 100 auditions before she got a role.
abundance
an abundance of something
The country has an abundance of natural resources.
in abundance
Food and drink were in abundance on the cruise ship.
setback
There has been a slight setback in the patient’s recovery.
The temporary setback won’t stop us from achieving our goal.

12.23
Not everyone celebrate Christmas in the same way.
Not everyone does sth. in the same way.
Not everyone make the dish in the same way.
Not everyone gets there in the same way.

A is decorated with B
Her room is decorated with flowers and balloon.
The walls are decorated with posters and photos.
I don’t cheat on my homework either.
I don’t help other students cheat either.
I don’t trust you either.

gift exchange

fond
I have fond childhood memories of spending long summer vacations down island.
fond of
Samuel is fond of blue cheese.
under one’s nose
This employee stole the company’s money right out from under the boss’ nose.
The boy cheated right under his teacher’s nose.
wrap
Nathan wrapped his wife’s birthday present in beautiful cotton paper.
The woman wrapped her baby in a thick blanket.
exchange
You can exchange your merchandise within seven days.
I want to exchange tis seater for a hoodie.

12.24
the greatest gift of all
the gift that keeps on giving
Christmas comes but once a year

constitute
The recent slump in sales constitutes a setback for the company.
This new finding constitutes a breakthrough in medicine.
Women only constitute 20% of the school board.
homemade
Sally’s homemade bread is not only healthy but also tasty.
Mom’s homemade cookies are my comfort food.
Several homemade bombs were found at the blast scene.
imaginable
This shop has ice cream in every imaginable flavor.
The people in the refugee camp live in the worst condition imaginable.
imitate
The little girl wore high heels, imitating how her mom walks.
imitation
Paul learned how to dance by imitation.

12.26
land a job
I don’t like cold.
I’m sneezing.
I’m coughing.
Now my head hurts.
Colds aren’t nice, but flu is worse.
Purple isn’t nice, but gray is worse.
Making mistake isn’t nice, but lying is worse. 
I rest at home every evening after work.
Don’t be fooled!
to fight for humanity
On the one hand…, on the other hand...

unidentified
Some unidentified buyers are interested in purchasing this company.
The person who committed this crime still remains unidentified.
enlighten
The singer was greatly enlightened by Mick Jagger when he was young.
The writer hopes his book can enlighten people about the importance of preserving nature.
landmark
The Grand Hotel is one of Taipei’s landmarks.
We visited one of London’s landmark-Big Ben.
Having a child is one of the big landmarks in Vivian’s life.
boundary
The Rhine River forms the boundary between Germany and Switzerland.
Children need to learn how to respect other people’s boundaries.

12.27
It’s good of you to care about your work.
Those are great points.
You make your point well.
You have a point.
I got your point.
You will get cold if you don’ wear warm gloves.
Mom will be angry if we’re home late.
involved with…

the great outdoors
to take up...

physical
Regular exercise and a good diet promote one’s physical health.
Physical contact between inmates is strictly prohibited in the prison.
Basketball games are much more physical and aggressive than baseball games.
infrequent
Dining out is pretty infrequent in this family.
During Nancy’s infrequent visits home, she looked distant and cold.
frequent
Danny is a frequent customer of this tailor.
mysterious
A mysterious man rescued the boy at the end of the episode.
A mysterious disease killed many people in the village.
Richard is quite mysterious about his new girlfriend.
aspect
Editing is an important aspect of movie production.
The board needs to understand the financial aspects of this kind of business before going any further.

12.28
No amount of practice was helping.
No amount of practice will help.
He took a step back.
I like to be a part of the team.

event center
foreign ties

thrive
Lawrence’s app business has been thriving for the past five years.
Amelia proved that she could thrive under any circumstances.
extensive
The music prodigy has had extensive exposure to classical music since birth.
Extensive renovations to this old school building would take over a year.
archaeologist
The mummy was discovered by an archaeologist back in 1886.
archaeology
Modern technologies have revolutionized archaeology.
excavate
The ruins of the village are being excavated by professional archaeologists.
Tunnels were excavated so that workers could work underground.


12.29
The coast is clear
I like traveling so let’s go to Japan.
My goal for 2017 is to learn English.
My goal for 2017 is to travel twice.

over the course of + (time)
Over the course of three weeks, he traveled to three cities.

painstakingly
The teacher painstakingly explained the formula to the uninterested students.
The patient’s broken bones and torn ligaments were painstakingly repaired by the surgeon.
stele  stela
In the movie, the temple started to collapse when the stele was removed.
The archaeologists finally figured out the inscriptions on the stela.
 compress
The old lady’s spine was compressed because of the accident.
Compress the dough to make a firm crust.
Hugh’s schedule was so compressed that he barely had time to eat.
erode
After several years, the beach will be totally eroded by strong winds.
The cliff is eroding quickly because of wind and rain.
Planting trees is a good way to prevent soil erosion.

12.30
He want to do some work without getting paid for it.
You will be great whatever you do.
How was I supposed to know that?

running late — running behind schedule
more than late — very late — extreme late
more than human — a man who has super nature power
We’re more than conquerors.
How is conversation is going to develop?
at this time of day
rush hour
Traffic is always bad at this time of day.
take sth. into consideration
take traffic into consideration

acceptable
The revised contract is more acceptable than the original one.
It is becoming more acceptable for women to be political leaders.
unacceptable
This kind of attitude is unacceptable at school.
traffic jam
Heavy rain has coursed traffic jam over down town. 
The ambulance got stuck in a traffic jam, and the patient’s life was hung by a thread.
cellphone
You can use this APP to locate your cellphone.
mobilephone
thoughtful
It’s thoughtful of you to make dinner for us.
The girl look thoughtful on her way home.

12.31

show consideration
It’s not like I was late on purpose.
I just have a lot of things on my plate right now. 
allows room for…

musical
William plays lots of musical instruments.
Bruno Mars’ musical talent already showed when he was little.
I’m not as musical as my sister.
inspiration
The writer got his inspiration for his sci-fi novel from a thesis on AI.
Professor Frazier has been an inspiration to many students.
I’ve got an inspiration! Why don’t we grow our own vegetables?
respectful
Mandy’s kids were well-educated and respectful.
These students need to learn how to be respectful of their teachers.
definitely
She definitely won’t recognize me after all these years.
The product is going to be a great success - definitely!
definite
You have to give me a definite answer by tomorrow.

