sc-201611

It has something for you.
There are always things to do.

I'm not only tired, but also in pain.
I'm interesting in keeping my job.

It can cover skin problem.
Give some color to your lips.

want to(建议，提醒）
If you use a lot of color on your eyes, then you want to choose less bright lip stick for your lips.
You want to finish all your work today. 
You don't want to be late.

go for a dip
take a dip

take a stroll along the beach

step in the right direction

capture imagination

The product turn this once failing company into one that is now profitable.
Dave made profitable use of his free time learning Spanish.

my thoughts exactly
postpone to another time
postpone to a later date

losing a job
you're fired
Sorry, we're letting you go
We wan to give you another opportunity to pursue other interest
I was laid off.
I was shown the door
I was sacked
I was canned
I got the axe
I got the boot

live within one's means
live beyond one's means

get one's act together

Actions speak louder than words.
Word gets around
Get the word out
Spread the word
May I have a word with you?
Can you put in a good word for me?
I give you my word

sad about


thick skin
pride goes before a fall
never too late to

keep track of  time
keep track of your things
Don't put off tomorrow what can be done today.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today

uncharted waters

Here we are!
island nations
the Bahamas
U.S. Virgin Islands

how do i know that.. ?
what is your favor part of ...?
I can't eat another bite
We can both be happy about the show.
We can both be finished by tonight.
be thankful for
We can both be thankful for a good meal.
I'm thankful for my family.
I'm thankful for my teaching job.

all-expenses-paid trip
linguistic forensic

He couldn't hurt a fly.
to come to harm
raining cats and dogs
It's raining buckets.
It's pouring.
Heavy rain is expected in the afternoon.
It is raining hard.
move after move
meal after meal 

to keep... to oneself
It's important to keep secret to yourself.
I want to keep negative stuff to myself.
The teacher hasn't taught until the student has learned.
before long
sweet-talk
My!
get away
He has let his hunger and greed get in the way of learning the last and best lesson his teacher could have taught him.
Never let anything get in the way of learning all you can.
to leave.. far behind
get in the way of
Don't let your attitude get in the way
Don't let your greed get in the way
Don't let your jealous get in the way

run into sb.    --- encounter sb.
to call in sick
to get... done
have so much work to get done
But if you're sick, are you able to get much work done?
contrary to popular opinion
take medicine
germaphobe

In my book.
Not in my book!    Not in my opinion!
That is cheating in my book.
That's a strong statement!
to put... in a bind
in the long run

The holiday began as harvest festival.
It began as a family business.
It began as a habit.

Traditional foods are a large part of the thanksgiving celebration.

there’s a time and a place for everything.
no... is completed without...
… depending on… 
the very thing

what should I get her?
treat others how you like to be treated

keep… in mind
thanks to…
because of
no thanks to...
to learn from mistakes

look on the bright side
to compare yourself to…
before you know it 

after all these years

It’s better to give than to receive.
You’re welcome.
Not at all.
My pleasure.
Don’t mention it.
Anytime. 
No sweat.
No problem.
No worries.

to pay it forward
quality time
How much does… mean to you?

any port in a storm
to get away
to get away from it all
The waters closed over the sinking ship.
Can I have three waters please?
Can I have three glasses of water please?
There are great parts of the world that no one knows much about. Someday bold man will discover what is out there.

roll down the window
varieties of...
to make it + (place)
forced to...
the world has ever known
crewcut


vocabulary
1101
- lush 
The island boasts lush forests and beautiful beaches.
Jazz music and tasty southern food make New Orleans a lush city that you want to visit again and agin.
- sibling
Most Gina's siblings live abroad so they seldom see one another.
sibling rivalry
There're straight sibling rivalry between Tanya and her younger sister which caused sisters parents lots of trouble

plunge
My boys rushed to the river bank and plunged into the water as soon as we arrived.
Samantha plunges into her word and has not time to date.
nonetheless
The company is still losing money nonetheless we have great faith in it.
Although  Ricky misbehaves sometimes, the teacher admires him nonetheless.

1102
estimate [i verb , e non]
The doctor estimate that the treatment will take six weeks to complete.
It's difficult to estimate at this time how much damage was caused by the hurricane.
[noun]
The actual cost of the project was two times the original estimate.
native
Melissa sounds like a New Yorker, but actually she is a native Texan.
Jennifer's english is so fluent that everyone thought she was a native speaker.
pilot
John used to be a fighter pilot, and now he is a airline pilot.
Ted goes to a pilot training school and hopes to be a captain one day.
Henry pilot the aircraft to safety with only one functioning engine.
colony
Vietnam used to be a French colony.
Australia is one of the former British Colonies.
This institute servers the American colony in Taiwan.

1103
predict
It's still difficult to predict the road of the typhoon because it's still very far way.
prediction
The economist made a prediction about large increase in the non-employment, but luckily it was not fulfilled.
reflect
Reflecting in the mirror was a girl wearing a beautiful dress.
The poll reflect the people's opposition to the new housing policy.
rhyme
Reason and season rhyme.
Maybe rhymes with baby.
Can you think of the rhyme of booklet?
pause
The speaker spoke for a straight  hour without any pauses.
We talked for a while, and then a long awkward pause followed.
The runner has to pause to tie his shoelace.

1104
earpiece
The walkie-talkie's earpiece is  very uncomfortable.
The earpieces designed for secret service agents are almost invisible.
Aeron use her earpiece to talk on the phone.
APP
The game APP was developed by Disney, and now is one of the most popular ones.
 The smartphone fitness APP tells you vital signs and analyzes your sleep mode.
 synthesis
 A high temperature accelerates the synthesis of this chemical compound.
 The movie is the synthesis of Chinese mythology and folktales.
 synthesize
 Human bodies needs vitamins to synthesize new cells.
 crush
 Maggie was too shy to talk to her high school crush, so he never knew she liked him.
 Bobby had a crush on his best friend's elder sister when he was a little boy.

1105
transparent
The politician's tactic of blaming everything on his opponent is quite transparent.
Our committee decision-making process is totally transparent.
backer
Some of the candidate's most loyal backers walked out on him because the scandal.
One of the project's biggest financial backers is Microsoft.
retail
This product will be available in retail stores next month.
My niece just started a new job in retail.
wholesale
Hotels can buy the furniture at wholesale because they buy in bulk.
offline
The signals in this area are very wake, so all the cellphones are offline now.
online
This compute game can be played online or offline.

1107
dismiss
The manager was dismissed due to his incompetency in leading the team.
The teacher dismissed the class earlier than usual today.
downsize
After thorough consideration the boss decided to downsize the company by fifteen percent.
upsize
The corporation plans to upsize by ten percent in the coming year.
overhead
We have to cut our overhead at least five percent more in order to keep our company.
The company's headquarters were relocated out of Vancouver because the overhead there was too high.
profitable
The product turn this once failing company into one that is now profitable.
Dave made profitable use of his free time learning Spanish.

1108
wake up call
I asked for a wake up call at 6.am to catch my flight  home.
The decrease in the GDP should be a wake up call for the government.
get one's act together
After years wandering around Kelvin finally got his act together and found a decent job.
Hellen needs to get her act together if she wants to keep her job.
conference
The conference on earlier childhood education will be hold in Denver on March.
sympathy
Please express our sympathy for her loss.
I don't have much sympathy for this guy. I think he should be punished for what he did.

1109
apologize
Catherine apologize to her mom for her bad attitude.
apology
Lora didn't accept her boyfriend's apology, because she was still angry at him.
guilty
The suspect confessed to being guilty after the interrogation.
The defendant was found guilty of murder.
Martha  feels guilty about leaving her kids with her mom, when she goes to work.
tension
There's growing tension between these two parties.
The incident stir up racial tension in this area.
The girl was trembling with tension while making her speech.
strength
The loving Patricia received from her parent gave her the strength to overcome the disease.
He tried to open the gate with all his strength, but it didn't move at all.

1110
remorse
Brenda was full of remorse for all the mean things that she said to her brother.
The thief felt no remorse for what he did. 
 remorseful
 The robber was genuinely remorseful for his crime.
 yell
 The boy yelled in pain when he fell down the stairs.
 The drunk man yelled, "I don't want to leave" , when the security guard told him to leave.
 Stop yelling at me.
 imply
 The CEO's statements seem to imply that he's not staying with this company.
 Are you implying that I'm also responsible for losing the bid.
 implication
 From what the boss said the implication is that there will be another wave of layoff.
 commit
 Norman commit to exercising at least three times a week.
 Edward found hard to commit to a relationship.
 

1111
esteemed
Professor Higgins is one if the world's most esteemed experts in Artificial Intelligence.
Ricky land a job at an esteemed law firm not long after graduation.
muddle
Tim and his twin brother Thomas look exactly alike, people muddle them all the time.
Rita never liked dressing when she was little, but she muddled into the fashion business and eventually became super model.
insecure
Expanding our overseas market might be a insecure move, but it's crucial to our company.
Allin is insecure about her marriage because of her parents. 
clarity
The thesis was written with clarity and it's easy to understand.
I was very impressed by the clarity of the singer's voice.

1112
notable
Publishing a best selling novel is a notable achievement for a such young writer.
The hotel is notable for its gourmet food and excellent service.
chastise
The student was chastised by the teacher for cheating.
The boss chastised his secretary for her talkiness and careless at work.
blockbuster
Nobody expected this low budget movie to become a blockbuster.
The novel became blockbuster soon after it was published.
settle down
The family decided to settle down in Orange county because the nice weather and good school.
The teacher ask students to settle down so he could start the class.

1114
phenomenon
A solar eclipse is a natural phenomenon which happens when the moon passes between the sun and earth.
The social phenomenon of concentration of people in urban areas is due to industrialization.
essential
When we go on the trip we bring only the essential so we can travel light.
For British people tea is considered as essential.
Sunlight, air and water are essential to plants.
nutrition
If you want to stay fit good nutrition and exercise are vital.
Proper nutrition can enhance one's learning ability. 
nutrient
The soil is great for gardening. It's full of nutrient.
shift
The media's attention often shifts from one topic to another quickly.
There has been a great shift in public opinion regarding the diplomatic issue since the incident.

1115
integrity
After  the scandal was exposed, people started to question the integrity of this candidate.
The renovation might ruin  the architectural integrity of the cathedral.
caution
This machine needs to be operated with caution.
The reporter dealt with the story with caution.
The video cautioned viewers against purchasing merchandise made in sweatshops.
comprehension
The boss doesn't seem to have any comprehension of how bad our financial situation is.
Grace's ability to accomplish so many tasks in one day is beyond my comprehension.
humility
The defeat taught the talented tennis player humility.
Even though Raymond is wealthy and successful,  he still shows great humility.
humble
Mark is very humble about his achievement.

1116
map out
Charlie and his wife mapped out their honeymoon long before they actually went.
We have to map out our marketing strategy step by step in this meeting.
knowledgeable
William is knowledgeable about fishing, you can ask him anything about it.
If you want to buy a second-hand car, make sure you take a knowledgeable friend with you.
showcase
The movie festival is a great opportunity to showcase the work of local directors.
This content is a showcase for young talents to demonstrate what they've got.
outfit outfitted/outfitting
The car was outfitted with the best stereo system.
Joyce bought this outfit for the costume party.

1117
port of call
Our cruise's last port of call will be Juneau.
Our ship needs to be fueled in each port of call.
Our first port of call in town was the tourist center.
comprise
The exhibition comprises 50 paintings and 20 sculptures.
Female members comprise over 50 percent of our committee.
The school is comprised of students with diverse cultural backgrounds.
designate
This area is designated for first-class passengers.
These parking lots are designated for VIP customers.
Stewart was designated as captain of the school football team.
hue
The artist loves to use bright hues in his paintings.
The designer's new collection is full of candy hues.
The customer wants her hair to have a warmer hue for winter.

1118
hug hugged/hugging
The little girl hugged her teddy bear tightly.
The teammates were hugging and crying and laughing at the same time when they won the game.
Come on! Give me a hug!
doze off
Eric dozed off during work because he stayed up last night taking care of his baby.
The security guard was caught dozing off in his shift.
The kid dozed off at his desk and teacher woke him up. 
contrary
Many people see aging as a negative thing, but this doctor has a contrary opinion.
Contrary to western culture, Asians don't see adult children living with parents a problem.
sneeze
Dust makes me sneeze, so I wear a mask while cleaning the room.
The little boy starts sneezing whenever he smells pepper.
His sneezes are so loud, you can hear him in another room.

1119
recover
It took him a long time to recover from the injury.
It didn't take long for this company to recover from the recession.
recovery
The doctor was amazed by the patient's quick recovery.
infect
The patient was isolated so he wouldn't infect other people.
The boy was infected with TB.
infection
The infection was successfully controlled by antibiotics.
sick leave
Ellen was running a fever today, so she took some sick leave to rest at home.
Vivian is not in the office now. She is on sick leave today.
maternal leave
in a bind
Having to go to the hospital every week for treatment is a terrible bind.
Owing a credit card deb puts you in a terrible financial bind.    

1121
clumsy
Even though Sarah is clumsy behind the wheel, she's pretty athletic at sports.
Howard's clumsy attempt to please her date didn't work out.
graceful
Many people remember Princess Diana as being graceful in all situations.
The dancer's graceful movements captured my eye.
gracefully
The actor stepped onto the stage and accepted the applause gracefully.
protector
In many cultures, fathers are perceived as the protectors of their families.
Catchers need to wear back and chest protectors.
harm
Fortunately, no one was harmed in the car accident. 
Untreated waste water harms the environment tremendously.
The scandal did great harm to the governor's reputation. 

1122
curse
Tommy believes that he was cursed so he will never find a girl who really loves him.
The homeless man started cursing and swearing when he was asked to leave the building.
appeal
The president appealed to people to vote carefully.
Chloe appealed to her parents for financial support so she could finish college.
The charity is launching an appeal to raise money to help the earthquake victims.
stare
Staring at people is not polite.
The boy couldn't help staring at the odd man sitting next to him.
stare/gaze
drool
My puppy is drooling all over my coach.
Alex drooled on his desk while taking a nap.
drool over something
Joanne stood drooling over the pink dress in the window.

1123
extend
The owner of the inn extended his hand to greet us.
The road extends to the end of the cliff.
extension
I need to apply for an extension of my visa to stay here legally.
leap
The thief leap out of the window and escaped. 
With a gigantic leap, the police officer crossed the creek and continued chasing the fugitive. 
growl
The dog started to walk restlessly and growl whenever a stranger neared him.
Patrick lost control and growled at hist kids because they had made a big mess in the house.
ashamed
The mayor claimed that he was ashamed of his conductor and would resign immediately.
How can you do such a thing? You should be ashamed of yourself!

1124
thankful
I’m so thankful that I have a wonderful family and good friends.
I’m thankful for your generosity and support.
situation
The financial situation of the company has been getting worse recently.
I’ll take charge if the situation arises.
The situation of our new headquarters is easily accessible.
expression
Henry gives his girlfriend a bouquet of flowers as an expression of his affection.
You should give expression to your love in front of you loved ones.
blessing
Grammar always told us to count our blessings when we had a bad day.
It’s truly a blessing to have you here with us. 
The bride’s father gave his blessing to the couple.

1125
gesture
Visiting the new neighbor with your homemade treats was really a nice gesture.
 The boy’s rude gesture made his classmates very angry at hime.
depression
Going out and talking to people can get rid of your depression in no time.
Debbie is suffering from serious depression, and she’s on medication now.
gratitude
I would like to take this opportunity to show my eternal gratitude to you.
Jessica gave her homestay mom a necklace to express her gratitude to her.
thanksgiving
When the mother of the wounded soldier saw her son, she cried tears of thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving
Everyone will come home tonight for our Thanksgiving dinner.

1126
succulent
I asked Auntie Rose to give me the recipe for her succulent roast chicken.
Jack sat down and readied himself for a big succulent stick.
These peaches are so succulent. I think I can eat all of them.
versus  v./vs.
The small argument between two friends turned into girls vs. boys situation in class.
Tomorrow's game will be the Celtics vs. the Nets.
In the movie Kramer vs. Kramer, the mother won the trial in the end.
hothead
George is such a hothead and gets angry so easily.
Nicky’s friends said he’s generally a nice guy, but occasionally a hothead.
fowl
Abbie doesn’t eat any kind of fowl because she’s scared of feathers.
Grandpa keeps fowl in his backyard so he gets fresh eggs every morning.

1128
boldness
It takes boldness to try new things and meet new people.
Sean is famous for his boldness in doing business.
voyage
The voyage to the North Sea was rough because we encountered a bad storm.
Many passengers got seasick on the voyage.
The couple planned to voyage to a distant island on their yacht.
navigate
It takes great skill to navigate through this area which is full of reefs.
The captain uses modern equipment to navigate his ship. 
Such a big boat can’t navigate narrow rivers.
repair
The mechanic needs to order new parts to repair this car.
It is not easy to repair a relationship once it is broken.

1129
navigation
The unstable weather poses a thread to our navigation.
Our plane’s navigation system is not functioning normally.
Many people depend on a navigation app when they are trying to find directions.
channel
These cruise ships should always sail in designated channels for safety reasons.
The channel tunnel project took over ten years to accomplish.
Billy switched to another channel to watch soccer.
smoothly
Luckily, the delivery went very smoothly, and the mother is resting now.
If everything goes smoothly, our meeting should end before 3 p.m.
smooth
The putting is so smooth and tasty.
vegetation
Most region’s vegetation was removed by the developers.
The hotel has a greenhouse full of tropical vegetation.
There’s no trace of vegetation in this Arctic area.

1130
roughly
Roughly 6,000 people signed up for the program online.
Roughly speaking, sales have increased 20 percent in the last month.
rough
We only made a rough estimate of the trip’s expenses.
uninhabitable
Most buildings in this area became uninhabitable after the bombing. 
The house has no electricity or water, so it’s uninhabitable.
commander
The commander order his crew to fire at the enemy ship.
The general was appointed as the commander of the border troops.
break out
The couple had just gotten married when World War II broke out.
Violent demonstrations broke out, and many people were hurt.
A terrible plague broke out, and there wasn’t any cure.

lesson text
20161109-20161110
Apologize

Why and how you should say you're sorry

When was the last time you felt guilty for something you did. Maybe you made a mistake that hurt someone, or maybe you choose to do the wrong thing out of anger or selfishness. Either way the simple words I'm sorry can help you and others feel better. 

It's not always easy to admit you did wrong. In the short term it can be painful, but you can't learn from your mistakes without admitting them. Apologizing is a key part of personal growth.

Apologizing is also important for relationships. Refusing to apologize can break team apart, and friendships, and create tension within families.

But when you apologize, the other person knows that you understand their feelings. It helps to heal the hurt.

You may fear that the apologizing makes you look weak. But actually it shows that you have the strength to put others before yourself. In fact after apologizing, you may become closer to your friend than before.

But even after you decide to apologize, you may not be sure how to do it.

Here are some tips.

Don't put off your apology. Say you're  sorry as soon as you realize you should. Apologize in person if possible. Show that you feel remorse and understand how the other person feels. For example, you could say, I'm sorry that I was late for our meeting, I should have kept track of the time better. Or I'm sorry that I yelled at you, I feel terrible for embarrassing you like that.

Don't make excuses or imply that the other person is the problem. So instead of saying, I'm sorry you feel upset about what I said, say, I'm sorry for my hurtful comments. 

Commit to changing your behavior. Don't keep doing what you apologize for. If you do, the other person may doubt that you were truly sorry. Apologies can be hard, but they are necessary for healthy relationships.


20161116
2016116-text
Cruising on the DISNEY dream - Exploring the Bahamas Disney-style!
My dad had spent months mapping out our Bahamas family vacation aboard the Disney Dream, and finally, here we were - taking pictures with Captain Mickey! From the minute we set foot on the ship, we felt like honored guest ready for a magical adventure. The ship was packed with activities for all ages. Schedules were delivered to our staterooms each evening to make sure we were knowledgeable regarding all of the options awaiting us the following day. It was difficult to plan what to do because there wasn't enough time for everything!
There were recently released Disney movies to watch, live music to enjoy, games to play, photos with Disney characters to take and more. Each evening we made sure to be in attendance for the musical in the Wal Disney Theater showcasing Disney characters. Of course, the Dream wouldn't be a Disney experience without an amusement park-style ride on board! The ship's upper deck outfitted with a clear waterslide called the AquaDuck. The thrilling ride took us on a breathtaking course all over the ship and even out over the ocean!

20161124-25
A Thankful life - stay thankful the whole year round
At many Thanksgiving dinners, everyone around the table shares something they are tankful for. Most can do this easily, but how can we be thankful people all the time?
Focus on the positive
No matter what happens, it’s best to remember the good things. Find the bright side in bad situations, and push back against negative opinions. Also, do your best not to compare yourself to others, especially on social media.
But when you’re around others, give expression to what you like about them. By keeping good in mind, you’ll give thanks for it all the more.
Accept the negative
At the same time, we can’t ignore bad things that have happened. It’s important to learn from mistakes and become stronger. Before we know it, we’re thankful for negative things, too. Our mistakes can also humble us, which is not all bad. Humble people have better relationships and see life’s blessings much more clearly!
Acts of kindness
Thankful people know that it’s much better to give than to receive. When you’re thankful, your feel called to “pay it forward”. This is simply a generous gesture made to a stranger. Some volunteer on a regular basis to help people in need. It’s a way of showing love, but there are also great rewards for such experiences. Studies show that volunteers are likely to feel less depression and greater well-being.
Use of time
Quality time is also a great way to show thanks. One researcher says that “gratitude is the emotion of friendship.” By spending time with others, you show them how much they mean to you. But gratitude is also better realized by spending time alone. When you’re by yourself, you can think through best part of your day. Some list them out or pray to thank God for them. Find your way to make thanksgiving a part of who you are — every day.
