3.1
Let’s brainstorm ideas for the party.
Good things come to those who wait.
not to mention
You know what they say,…
Take your time!

hasty
Buying a house is a big thing. Don’t make a hasty decision!
We don’t want to leap to any hasty conclusions. We need to listen to each party involved in the incident.
People tend to be hasty in judging others just by their appearance.
have an eye on something
Charlie’s had his eye on this truck for quite some time.
one’s eye
Lily had her eye on this watch for years, and she bought it right after she got her first job.
technology
The new medical technology can benefit so many people who suffer from this disease.
Israel’s military technology is quite advanced compared to its many neighbors.
New recycling technology can turn glass into fibers of fabric.
outdate
These outdated computers in the office will soon be replaced with new ones.
These outdated marketing strategies no longer work.
out of date
That suit looks out of date.

3.2
… is one thing
to rush into…
I call dibs
I call dibs on the pizza

vehicle
All heavy vehicles need to go through weigh stations to enter the highway.
These farm vehicles are my neighbor’s most valuable assets.
Commercial motor vehicle license plates are different from those on privately owned cars.
option
There are only two options left. Either you make a change or you quit.
option vs. choice (option is excluded from other options, while you can make several choices.)
The choices on this restaurant’s menu are quite limited.
You’re leaving me no option but to let you go.
investigate
The detective investigating the case is very experienced.
The researcher is investigating the long-term effect of this new treatment.
advertisement
The car company spent a great deal on advertisements for their new product.
ad
The boss put an ad in the newspaper to find part-time help.
commercial
Mark went to get some chips during the commercial break.

3.3
Nobody is really sure why most people are right handed.
Nobody is really sure how gravity works.

Drop the idea 
In the red / in the black / break even 
You need to earn 3000$ to break even. 
to get one's hands on... 
to fall for 
Like humans, female gorillas are pregnant for nine months. 
 
makeover 
The so-called corporate makeover is just another name for layoffs. 
After her makeover, the shy girl was transformed into a confident woman. 
documentary 
This movie won last year's Oscar for best documentary. 
The director's latest documentary short was well received by many critics. 
minor 
There are some minor changes in our proposal. 
major 
The patient underwent several major surgeries and survived. 
mechanical 
The flight was delayed because of some mechanical problems. 
All the mechanical devices in this car were made in Germany. 
The workers assembled the parts with mechanical movements. 
 
0304 
In... time 
In a few days' time, a new story with everyone's favorite giant ape will hit theaters. 
wallflower – social butterfly 
judge for yourself 
Bigger is better. 
 
skull 
The motorist fractured his skull in the car accident. 
We made a hunted house and put in fake skulls and skeletons. 
civilization 
It feels great to come back to civilization after a long safari in Kenya! 
This book introduces many different aspects of civilization during the Dang Dynasty. 
villain 
Jack Nicolson's "Joker" is one of the classic villains in the Batman series. 
The cold-blooded villain in this movie was portraited perfectly by a former child actor. 
This villain is very dangerous because he doesn't care who he hurts. 
spectacle 
Thousands and thousands went to see the stunt show spectacle. 
Each New Year's Eve, the Taipei 101 fireworks display is the most impressive spectacle in town. 
Jonny left his spectacle in his locker. 
 
0306 
kitty corner / catty corner / diagonally cross 
 
oh/ouch 
The little boy yelled "ouch" when the nurse gave him a shot. 
The girl said "oh" when she took off her bandage. 
Ouch, that cut looks awful. 
beak 
The woodpeckers' long pointed beaks enable them to eat worms in tree trunks. 
The parrot is using its beak to come through its feathers to keep them in order.  
bill (similar to beak, especially for pigeon and hummingbird) 
wage 
The fancy afternoon tea cost me almost half of my daily wage. 
minimum wage 
The minimum wage in Taiwan is 20,008$ per month or 120$ per hour. 
stroke 
The naughty boy was punished with 5 strokes after the stat because he was disrespectful to his teacher. 
The tennis player's powerful strokes easily intimidate his opponents. 
 
0307 
as follows: / the following:  
 
due 
Our rent is due on the 5th of each month. 
Melony definitely need to stay up tonight because her report is due to tomorrow. 
When is the baby due. 
instead of 
We don't have any cocoa. How about a root beer instead. 
Instead of going to college like most of his friends, Nathan chose to work first. 
Sherry would rather tell her thoughts to her friends instead of her family.  
hollow 
a hollow tree / hollow cheeks 
The house's supporting beam was hollowed out by termite. 
The tunnel was hollowed out by heavy duty drills. 
wasp 
The wasp sting on the boy's arm got so infected that he was hospitalized. 
The wasp suddenly swarm out of the nest and started to attack the passersby. 
 
0308 
The more I think about it, the more I want to buy it. 
 
punishment 
You can face severe punishment if you drive under the influence. 
In this private school, the punishment for cheating is getting expelled. 
frown 
Nancy frown in the confusion as she read  the instruction menu for assembling the cabinet. 
The teacher frowned at the student who kept talking back to her. 
The girl frowned in disappointment at her reflection.  
plenty 
Would you care for more cake? No, thank you. I have plenty. 
Don't worry, we have plenty of soda and snacks for all the guests in the party. 
wisely 
Victor invested his money wisely in promising companies and made fortune. 
The movie start wisely avoided the rude question with a joke. 
 
0309 
not what one expected 
freshman initiation 
small potatoes 
Our business is small potatoes compared with theirs. 
I'm just a small potato in the company. 
to keep to oneself 
anything but + (adj) 
 
freshman 
Jonathan will be a freshman at Columbia this summer. 
Michael's freshman year was full of fun. 
sophomore / junior / senior 
trashcan / garbage bin 
The garbage truck lifts trashcans with mechanical arms. 
You can put plastic containers in the red garbage bin. 
wastebasket 
Caroline empties the wastebasket in her room every night. 
shove 
The bully shoved the boy back against the wall and started to hit him. 
shove / push 
The woman pushed the intruder with all her strength and shoved him out the door. 
horrifying / horrify 
The conditions in refugee camp are horrifying. Many people have died from contagious diseases. 
horrified 
The patient was horrified when the doctor told him his test results. 
 
0310 
to drop a beat 
well over + (#) 
advice (n-count) / suggestion (n-uncount) 
I have three pieces of advice. 
I have three suggestions. 
have hard time doing sth. 
 
gathering 
The gathering was assembled to protest against the new tax law. 
The restaurant is specious and child-friendly, perfect for family gathering. 
merchandise 
The U.S. imports lots of merchandise from Mexico. 
The merchandise in this shopping center is more expensive than other places. 
We have to come up with new ways to merchandise our products. 
Unfortunately, the robber stole all of the merchandise from the store. 
popping  
Michael Jackson's "Moon Walk" made popping popular. 
locking 
The locking dance group grabbed the audience's attention with their big smiles and colorful suits. 
respectively 
The team won the regional and state championships in May and August respectively. 
Maria's two boys, aged four and five, will enroll in preschool and kindergarten in September respectively. 
respective 
Disappointed after their defeat, all the players returned to their respective homes. 
 
3.11 
access/excess/assess 
access to bank account 
excess (extra) 
excess luggage 
Eating to excess is bad for you. 
assess 
How do you assess your student? 
 
trophy / trophies 
The winning team not only got a trophy and a medal but also prize money of US$20,000. 
The governor will present the trophies after the game. 
specialist 
The couple needs specialist advice to repair their relationship. 
Travis is a specialist in supercars. 
Elaine is a specialist in neuropsychology. 
opponent 
The champion in the swimming competition beat her opponents by just 0.1 second. 
The coach kept telling us not underestimate our opponents. 
The president was wrongfully accused by his political opponents. 
embrace 
The boy embraced his father when he greeted him at the airport. 
Most employees have embraced the new policy regarding flexible working hours. 
The mother leaned over and gave her little girl a warm embrace. 
 
3.13 
to lead a busy life 
His grandson is his namesake. 
 
vinegar 
Adding vinegar to the water can make hard-boiled eggs easier to peel. 
Mom loves to dip her bread into olive oil and a bit of vinegar. 
This flavored vinegar is perfect for making salad dressing. 
wrinkle 
The pants were made of a wrinkle-free fabric. 
The cream claims to smooth fine wrinkles in just four weeks. 
Years of hardship wrinkled the woman's face, making her look ten years older than she is. 
clog 
Weekend traffic clogged the freeway system in LA. 
The pipe was clogged with leaves. 
Our discussion was once again clogged by irrational arguments. 
itch 
The itching on my back is really bothering me. 
Don't scratch your itches with your finger nails, because you might get infection. 
The mosquito bite still itches after days. 

3.14
Dont' quote me on this. / This is off the record.
Can I quote you on that.

occupational therapy
Through constantant occupational therapy the patient who had suffered a stroke gradually learned how to take care of himself.
therapist
perpetually
Gina somehow manages to find things she neeed from her perpetually messy desk.
Samantha is perpetually needed and never try to solve problem by herself.
The operator put me on perpetual hold so I hang up.
psychiatrist
The psychiatrist perscribed some antidepressant for the patient.
psychologist
The research was conducted by a child psychologist from Havard.
theoretical
The scientist's new finding has a theoretical meaning but lacks practical application.
theory
Einstein's theory of relativity changed the history of science.

3.15
put a dent in sth.
Losing the game put a dent in the team's confident.
Put a dent in my wallet.
make a dent in sth.
Make a dent in your work.

conviction
Eward is not shy about expressing his polictical convictions.
A strong conviction to save the Earth from global warming has united these people.
The defendant has five preivous convictions of similar offences.
practitioner
Some practitioners of traditional chinese medicine still use real herbs to treat patients.
The nursing school is famous for training competent and dedicated nurse practitioners.
a vegan practitioner
practice
He is a man who put his word into practice.
adaptation
The teachers made some adaptations to the curriculum to better meet the students' needs.
Adaptation to a new environment is a specially challenging for yong kids.
disposal
At someone's disposal
All the equipments here is at your disposal.
We're at your disposal any time any place.
The regulation for medical waste disposal are very strict in this hospital.

3.16
Throwback Thursday / nostalgia / Flashback Friday
adore
Robin williams is still adored and missed by many movie fans.
Jenny adores high heels.
adorable
My niece is so adorable that I can't help buying her gifts.
enormous
This enormous building is the headquarter of the enterprise.
Chloe made an enormous progress on her midterm.
You've been in an enomous help, I can't thank you enough.
seminary
All second year students in this seminary are required to go on an oversea mission trip.
Nathan is attending a seminary and hopes to become a pastor when he graduate.
surgery
The patient is scheduled to have brain surgery next friday.
operation
She had an operation to have her gall-stone removed.

3.17
holiday / national holiday / bank holiday / go on holiday

slum
The people live in the slum suffer from desease and crime.
This successful business man was born and raised in the inner city's slum in Bombay India.
Many rich tutors sluming in these area have become targets of thieve.
immigrant
The restaurant's owner is a immigrant from Korea.
immigrate
These family immigrated to French From Nigeria last year.
give back
The movie star engaged in lots of charity work to give back to society.
You can't take my cellphone without asking me. Give it back to me now.
set up
The governor promise to set up more medical facilities in rural areas.
The foundation was set up to help homeless women and children.
This corner in the classroom was set up for kids to read quietly.

3.18
on the other hand (two sides of one thing)
on the contrary (oppositely)

initiate
The principle initiate this extra school program for students who need extra help with homework.
A serious reform were initiated in the coutry's educational system.
Who initiates the fights?
crowded
This cafe is too crowded. Let's go to another one.
In the crowded and noising living room, I could only node at the  host of the party.
The convenient store was crowded with students buying breakfast.
labor
Cheap labor is one of the reasons why many industries set up factories here.
Skilled labor cannot be easily replaced.
The old man is too weak for manual labor.
construct
This city's subway system was contructed fifty years ago.
A peron's value was contructed from childhood.
construction
Bob works for a construction company.

3.20
brush up on sth.
Brush up on your piano.
brush sth. off
He brushed off all our suggestions.

accompany
This stake is accompanied by mushed potatos.
A favor accompanies many different type of infections.
The girl will be accompanied by her ant when she goes to the book fair in New York.
contemporary
In today's session the professor went through some contemporary artists.
The slick table gave the living room a contemporary feel.
The writer's a vanguard style was not accepted by the contemporary society of his time.
marvel
"Isn't tonight amazing!", the girl marvelled.
We marvelled at the incredibly beautiful view of the grant canyon.
We stopped the car to marvel at the view.
It's a marvel, show me how much these young boys can eat.
stage presence
The girl is timid in private, but her stage presence is striking when there is an audience.
The speaker has incredible stage presence that keep you focus on him.

3.21
on the spot
Martin gave a speech on the sport.
jump on the bandwagon

spontaneous
This comedian is gret at performing spontaneous acts.
spontaneously
This spontaneously created song became the band's first hit.
sacrifice
Masa has never thought of staying at home and taking care of her children as sacrifice.
As a soldier, Peter is willing to make any sacrifices necessary for his country. 
Nataly's parents sacrificed a lot to send her to private school.
guidance
Even though Riky is so ready a successful enterpeneur, he still looks to his father for guidance when making business decisions. 
guide
It's a blessing to have a mentor to guide you through difficult times.
pursuit
Man do not live only for the pursuit of pleasure, but also for the pursuit of meaning and self-accomplishment.
pursue
Thomas decided to pursue a career in acting when he was only nine.

3.22
put sth. off / procrastinate
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
put sb. off 

stilt
People in this area live above the water in huts that are  built on stilts because of frequent flooding.
The beach house's stilt were rotten. It's no longer safe to live in.
The building was built on big concrete stilts.
conquer
Gemany conquered French in World War II.
The boy conquered his stage fight and completed his speech perfectly.
carpenter
You need a carpenter to fix your window frame.
This carpenter is more expensive because of his fine wood working skills.
joiner
prevent
Precautions were taken to prevent the spread of the highly contiagious disease.
The girl's lack of confidence prevents her from pursuing her dreams.

3.23
by far
He is by far the smartest boy in the school. 
He is the fastest runner by far.
That was the worst movie in the serials by far.

possess
This region possesses many different natural resources.
The boy possesses such great musical talent.
possession
The antique chair came into my possession ten years ago.
The poor wife was abandoned with no money and no possessions.
vast
From the top of the hill, you can see vast fileds covered wildflowers
The vast majority of the people in this city are very fiendly to foreigners.
A vast amount of time and money has already been invested in this project, so it must succeed.
variety
This store sells a wide variety of cheers.
This variety of apple is sourer than others.
The restaurant food lacks variety.
tourism
Tourism has became this town's main source of income.
At age 45, Shawn quitted his job in the bank and moved to tourism.
tourist
The tourist's passport and money was stolen at the train station.

3.24
in case / in case of
In case of fire, don not use elevator.
just in case

typical / typically
Typically the food servered in hospital is plain.
Ashley is carefree and happy by nature which is typically found in a yongest kids in a family.
stabilize
The doctor prescribed a stronger medicine to stabilize the patient's blood pressure.
After resting the girl's emotions finally stabilized.
stable
The gross of the company's earnings have been very stable for four years.
propel
A motorcycle propelled by solar power.
We never rode a boat before, so instead of propelling forward the boat was trolling.
Branden was propelled to succeed by the fear of letting her parents down.
rigorous
Being a lawyer involes rugorous training and strong character.
After living in Alaska for a while, Marven grow used to the rigorous climate.
rigorously
All our product have been rigorously tested.

3.25
hanged / hung
He hung the picture on the wall.
He was hanged at high noon.

evolve
English just like many other languages is constanly evolving and changing.
The documentary shows how the city evolved from a small town into the capital of the country.
diversion
This kids has been studying too hard, they need diversions such as sports.
The diversion of the Yangtse River is one of the world's biggest water diversion projects.
federation
Thailand is one of the members of the Asian Weightlifting federation.
The International Tennis Federation holds different type of competitions every year.
The United States is a federation of fifty states.
deem
Because the building was damaged by the hurricane, the city concil deemed it unsafe.
Jeremy Lin is deemed one of the famous Asian NBA players.

3.27
tasty (especially pleasing to the taste) 
tasteful (having or showing or conforming to good taste)
a tasteful design / a tasteful room
flavourful
working evenings / working summers
bizarre
The man's bizarre behavior caught the attensioin of the security guards, so they are asking him to leave the building.
The singer is famous for her bizarre outfit and big colorful hairdos.
uncommon
The actor's uncommon talent helps him attain star early.
It's not uncommon for a couple to fight during their honeymoon.
hence
The boy is from Greek family, hence his name - Nicky.
Larry got fired today hence his bad mood.
The armchair is handmade hence expensive.
federal
It's against federal law to discriminate against minorities.
Gina has been working for federal agency for five years.
the federal government 
The new welfare policy will put the federal government in financial jeopardy.

3.28
adulting
Adulting is really hard.

guideline
If you want to play the game with us, you have to follow the general guidelines.
What are the guidelines for job performance evaluation in this company?
arduous
Writing a novel is a long and arduous proccess.
The refugees made an arduous journey and finally crossed the border.
Educational reform is an arduous task, but still has to be accomplish.
flare
You can see the torch flaring in the dark sky.
Suddenly the truck flared up and exploded.
Severe conflict flared up again between the couple.
douse
The fire fighters doused the flame with water in just seconds.
Luckily, one student grasped a thick blanket and doused the fire in the lab.
The boy doused his baw of cereal with chocolate milk.

3.29
Her parents showered her with kisses.
He showered her with emeralds and furs.
There's so much to do and so little time!
One dollar shy of your goal.
She is two wins shy of becoming the world champion. 

venture
Even though it was raining, we ventured out to watch a movie.
Britney love to stay at home. She seldom ventures far.
May I venture to make you a suggestion?
nocturnal
Most nocturnal animals have good eyesight.
The medicine claim to reduce the occurrence of nocturnal asthma.
The koala is a nocturnal mammal.
stroll
We strolled along the River Seine while enjoying the many beautiful sights of Paris.
When you go to Maibu Beach, you can see many visitors strolling along the boardwalk.
Do you want to take a stroll with me?
botanic / botanical garden
The Huntington Botanical Garden is famous for its Chinese and Japanese Gradents.

3.30
arborist
first year in high school (freshman year)
second year in high school (sophomore year)
third year in high school (junior year)
fourth year in high school (senior year)
10thg grade / 11th grade / 12th grade 
anything less than...
time after time

pratically / pratical
The twin sisters have been close since birth. They're practically inseparable.
My boy came home with his soccer teammates and ate practically everything edible in the house.
protest
The little boy was crying, protesting that he wanted to go out with his parents.
Many people gathered outside the legislative council to protest against the welfare cuts.
inventor
Leonardo Da Vinci was not only an artist, but also an inventor.
invention
The invention of printing made knowledge available to all people.
determine
The jury detemined the defandant is not guilty.
Despite all the test results, only the doctors can determine a patient's condition.
An applicant's income and assets determine the size of the loan they can get.

3.31
Neither you nor I are strong enough to move this.
Neither hamburger nor pizza sounds good.
to turn out + (adv)
to care more about.. than...
wear many hats
She wears many hats; she's a doctor, a musician, and a writer.
I was never very...

frustrated
The basketball team became frustrated after several defeats.
Many frustrated artists love to gether in the cafe and chaa.
precisely
- Would you like some coffee? - That's precisely what I need!
Lack of motivation is precisely this employee's problem.
The meeting began precisely at 9 a.m.
physical fitness
Regular exercise can imporve one's physcial fitness.
The actor went though physical fitness training before shoting the movie.
athletic
Frank is very athletic. He plays all kinds of sports.
The high school is famous for its athletic excellence.
The boy has an athletic build.
athlete
This telented goal player became a professional athlete when she was only 15.
