
ff to
Where are you headed
Why did you make  the assumption that  I will fail.

resolution
Timmy made a resolution to lose ten pounds in three months.
So far, Jack has kept his resolution to quit smoking.
resolve
Howard resolved to spent more time with his family.
assume
As a juror you can’t assume the defendant is guilty from the beginning.
I assume that you will meet me at the front of door.
People assume celebrities to be glamorous and happy all the time.
hold on
The little girl hold on to her mother’s leg.
Can you hold on a minute. I will be with you in just a second.
goal
Within the first week of the month, a few of our sale reps has already reached their goal for the entire month.
It’s important to set goals of your life and follow them.

0103

I hope you don’t feel any discouragement.
take into consideration how much money I have
take the traffic into consideration   — take into consideration the traffic (后一种多用于从句）
It’s (not) too late… to…

membership
Sandra is one of the member of the school board.
This club’s membership fee is US$20,000.
The school was granted membership to a prestigious association.
discourage
Don’t let this minor setback discourage you.
Patrick felt discouraged because he wasn’t accepted into his favorite college.
attitude
Hannah’s negative attitude made her hard to work with.
The boy’s bad attitude irritates everyone around him.
This young singer got very popular quickly because she has talent and attitude.
inspiring
I was touched by the inspiring story of the movie Eddie the Eagle.
Mr.Jones is one of the most inspiring teachers I’ve ever met.

0104
alive and well
Do you fell like doing something?
No,I don’t feel like it.

Great Pyramid of Giza
Hanging Gardens of Babylon
Statue of Zeus at Olympia
Temple of Artemis at Ephesus
Mausoleum at Halicarnassus
Colossus of Rhodes
Lighthouse of Alexandria

commemorate
The monument was built to commemorate the soldiers who sacrificed their lives for their country.
Many fans attended the ceremony to commemorate their beloved singer.
scan
Josh scanned the newspaper while eating breakfast.
The desperate mom anxiously scanned the crowd for her missing boy.
marvel
The RoboVac is the latest technological marvel from Japan.
It’s a marvel to me how these young boys built this treehouse in a week.
marvelous
Benjamin’s truly a marvelous teacher.
medieval
This medieval painting is one of the museum’s exhibits.
The story took place during the medieval era in England.



0105
hit the sack / hit the hay
a breath of fresh air 
She is such a breath of fresh air.
to pay one’s respect
Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial and Museum
mound
Mounds of dirt were piled up at the construction site.
This emperor’s burial mound is closed to the public.
The mound of apples suddenly fell apart when a little boy touched it.
panoramic
You can enjoy a panoramic view of the valley from the top of the hill.
This smartphone can take panoramic pictures.
panorama
the panorama of the mountains
compel
The performance of the CEO compelled many stockholders to question his ability.
The new law compels all passengers to wear seat belts.
usher
The receptionist ushered us to the manager’s office.
The video ushers the viewers through the history of art.
The usher at the church welcomed us with a warm smile.


0106
They are a great group of students.
That sounds like a great trip.
That sounds fun.
I’m so happy we have a library near our home.
Let’s cook one together now.

to live under the weight of…
Many people today live under the wight of debt from loans or credit cards.
As harmful as financial debt is, there is another form debt that is even more damaging — emotional debt.
Do you ever bottle up your emotions?
Can I ask you a favor?
Do me a favor (不太客气）
Do me a favor. Can you not talk when I’m trying to read? 
to pay a price
talking/snooze 报时/贪睡 (控制闹钟的按键)
If it ' s right next to your bed, you ' ll shut it off or hit snooze.
when we tend to respond inappopriately…

loan
This bank offers loans with lower rates to small businesses.
Bob has to work two jobs to pay student loan.
Our neighbors were kind enough to loan us their truck.
unresolved
Melanie and her ex still have some unresolved issues.
The conflicts between this couple remained unresolved even after counseling.
tendency
Eddie has the tendency to brag when he wants to impress girls.
The film discusses the hidden tendency of humans to be selfish.
Cats have a tendency to clean and groom themselves often.
destructive
The destructive power of the hurricane caused many people to lose their homes.
Typhoons and hurricanes can be very destructive to buildings.
construct
It took three years to construct this bridge.


0107
push an envelope — push the limit
… when you least expect it
Our old car used to give us  most problems when we least expect it.

neglect
The child suffered from neglect and malnutrition and was placed with a foster family.
The husband’s neglect hurt his wife deeply.
Larry totally neglected his appearance and looked like a homeless guy.
suppress
Eric learned how to suppress his anger toward his boss.
The government sent troops to suppress the rebels.
suppressed feelings
bottle up
Bottling up your feelings can affect your interpersonal relationships.
William usually tries to bottle up his anger, but sometimes he loses his temper.
consequence
We can’t afford the consequences of not doing anything about the situation.
If you don’t take your medication regularly, you’ll have to suffer the consequences.

Emotional Debt
We can’t move beyond the past until our emotional debts are paid.
Many people today live under the weight of debt from loans or credit cards.As harmful as financial debt is ,there is another form of debt that is even more damaging — emotional debt.
Dr.James Richards states that emotional debts occurs”when we experience  emotional pain that remains unresolved.”If the pain is not dealt with, it will affect us our entire lives.
Throughout the years, we have chances for happiness, love and success.But unresolved pain can emerge, causing us to respond in ways that are’t reasonable, resulting in destroyed relationships and lost opportunities.
Another negative result of emotional debt is that our friends and loved ones are affected by it and pay a high price.When we have a tendency to respond inappropriately, we often hurt those around us. Unfortunately our unresolved problems sometimes become too much for them to handle, causing them to abandon the relationship.
People with destructive patterns should check their lives for signs of unresolved pain.
 Your emotional debt can come from various forms of past abuse or neglect.You may be holding onto painful memories of controlling parents or very   demanding teachers.You may not have dealt with the pain of a broken relationship or the death of a loved one.Any negative emotion that you have suppressed over the years can come back to cause harm when you least expect it.
Recognize your feelings, but don’t focus on them all the time. Acknowledging and confronting your pain is difficult, but recognizing it is the first step toward dealing with it.
Admit you are angry about the past, and discuss it with someone you trust, or write it down.This will ease some of the anger and resentment you’ve kept bottled up for years.
Refuse to be a victim and accept responsibility for dealing with your painful past.This puts you in charge and limits the power your emotions have over you.Take specific steps to resolved your emotional debt now instead of dealing with the consequences later.

0109
They don’t charge for delivery.
Who are you a fan of?
What is the charge for parking here?
Doctors Without Boards
Clowns Without Borders
comic relief
a blessing in disguise
to clown around
Some volunteers at the Children’s Hospital read books to children.

refugee
Thousands of refugees fled their motherland because of civil war.
The refugee camp is short of clean water and food.
Food and medicine were distributed to the refugees.
refuge
The cabin servers as a refuge for mountaineers during bad weather.
comic
The dark humor in this novel made it both comic and scary.
Robin Williams was one of Hollywood’s best comic actors.
comics comedy comedian
non-verbal
Non-verbal expressions, such as body language, convey lots of messages.
verbal
Verbal communication skills count a lot in our job interview.
hygiene
Good personal hygiene is a must for professional cook.
When the standards of hygiene are low, diseases spread easily.
If you want to keep your mouth clean, you must practice good oral hygiene every day.
hygienic
Babies should be taken care of in clean and hygienic environment.

0110
brief new frontier
pay it forward
My friend Jeff knows the guitar player in Taylor Swift’s band.
It’s been way too cold lately.
to go by the name of…
A cheerful heart is good medicine.
to carry on with…
air of...

amid
The fans cheered for their winning team amid tears and laughter.
Amid mounds of books, I finally found my cellphone.
The band’s latest album  was released amid high expectations.
peril
In spite of great financial peril, our company survived.
Drivers need to be educated about the perils of using cellphones while driving.
The journey through desert was full of perils, but luckily, all of us arrived home safe and sound.
instruct
An engineer instructed me how to reset my printer on my PC.
instruction
I followed the policeman’s instructions and left my office building.
proverb
Our teacher always told us to remember the proverb: “The early bird catches the worm.”
My father wants me to read some proverbs so I’ll know how to be a better person.

0111
Nothing much.
Do you know anything about…
Do you mean ice hockey?
Do you mean today?
Do you mean corner coffee?
None of these sports were as rough as hockey.
Drive slowly on the ice.
Ken walks three miles to school.
It hurts like hell.
Improvised Explosive Device
no turning back
no interest in…
You can say that again.
I’m so glad the rain stopped.

character
The main characters of this sitcom are twin brothers.
Shrek is Vincent’s favorite cartoon character.
The little girl is such a character! She’s too witty and smart for her age.
multiple
After suffering multiple injuries from a car accident, the man was taken to the ER.
Sylvia can handle multiple tasks at the same time.
Police believe there were multiple people involved in the crime.
multiply
Germs multiply quickly in warm temperatures.
represent
The girl’s behavior represents a deep-seated insecurity.
The lawyer representing the buyer made an offer today.
imperfection
Our boss will not tolerate any imperfections in our work.
Gradually, Jackie started to notice some imperfections in her boyfriend.
We all have imperfections, but we can’t allow them to discourage us.

1.12
He talks just like a hockey fan now.
She sings just like a professional singer.
He play just like a kid.
You talk just like my mom.
put yourself into someone’s shoes
to rise to the challenge
lost for words
at a loss for words
to put your hear into…
… for years to come
from one’s perspective
rise to the occasion/challenge
for years to come

perspective
The trip to Africa gave Sam a new perspective on life.
If you look at the conflict from other person’s perspective, you will be more objective.
plot
The movie’s plot is too complicated for ordinary viewers to understand.
The novel’s plot is so predictable that I stopped reading after the second chapter. 
The plot to assassinate the president was discovered by FBI.
stunt
Jack Chan is famous for doing his own stunts in movies.
The action movie is full of stunts and scenes with explosions.
stuntman
The stuntman was injured while doing a motorcycle stunt.
upside down
The pilot flew the plane upside down.
The painting was hung upside down, but nobody noticed.
upside-down
an upside-down cake
an upside-down house

1.13
tank of gas
It is on.
I’ve had enough.
I’ve had enough of hamburgers.
I’ve had enough hamburgers.

outnumber
In our company, males outnumber females two to one.
The kids outnumber the adults at our family reunions.
speculate
Economists are speculating there will be another rise in interest rates.
The media has been speculating that the celeb couple will tie the knot soon.
speculation
The disagreement between the director and the leading actor is pure speculation.
in something’s wake
The price of the company’s stocks was boosted in the wake of the merger.
The building was closed to the public in the wake of the terrorist attack.
The internet change the way people communicate, and many form of social media have emerged in its wake.
galaxy
Through this telescope you can see the nearest galaxy to Earth.
The sun is just one of the stars in our galaxy.
the Milky Way is the galaxy that contain our Solar System.

1.14
a drop in...

orbit
The moon orbits around the Earth.
The orbiting satellite collects data of the global weather changes.
The orbit of Venus is in the shape of perfect circle.
transit
Lots of people in the city rely on public transit, especially the subway system.
The goods were lost in transit and could not be retrieved.
The transit time from the central train station to the airport is 40 minutes.
wobble
The chair wobbled a bit when I sat on it.
The boy wobbled on his bike and finally fell to the ground.
The candidate wobbled on the issue of illegal immigrants. 
subtle
If you pay close attention, you can hear some subtle hostility in her tone of voice.
The painter used a subtle shade of grey in the background.

1.16
the wonder + (noun.)
well guess
educated guess
… is for sure

dead of winter
Farmers have nothing to do in the dead of winter, because nothing can grow in this season.
dead of night
The thief sneaked into the house in the dead of night.
deficiency
The elderly patient has long-term calcium deficiency.
Pregnant women tend to suffer from iron deficiency.
A deficiency in the number of teachers in remote areas has been an unsolvable problem.
convert
What’s the formula to convert Celsius into Fahrenheit?
Christy recently became  a convert to no carbo diet.
salmon
The black bear is waiting by the creek to fish for salmon.
Tracy ordered smoked salmon as an appetizer.
The salmon pink dress looks really nice on you.

Vitamin D-The Wonder Vitamin
Be healthier and happier by spending time in the sun.
In the dead of winter, we don’t typically think about spending time outdoors, but according to many medical experts, we should.
The sun is our greatest source of a vitamin that is essential for good health-vitamin D.
This important nutrient strengthens bones and teeth and is linked to the prevention of heart disease, cancer and many other life-threatening diseases.
In contrasts vitamin D deficiency can lead to weak bones and teeth as well as other health problems.
How do we get it?
The recommended daily requirement is 400-600 IU.In summer, people with dark brown eyes and darker skin convert sunlight from just 15 minutes outside without sunscreen into adequate amounts of vitamin D.
Even during winter, just a 10-minute walk midday can keep the body’s vitamin D at healthy levels.During brief winter walks, we receive the greatest benefits when we wear no sunscreen and expose of as much skin to the sun as possible.
The vitamin can also be obtained from foods such as salmon, shrimp, tofu and eggs.
Vitamin D supplements are another option, but consult a doctor first.
One thing is for sure, you need to get plenty of vitamin D this winter.

1.17
How can I get there from here?
How can I get to your office from the train station?
How do you get here from the airport?
A place for everything and everything in it’s place
use it or lose it
to start with...
Chocolate covered pretzels are a perfect combination of sweet and salty.

quilt
Grandma made a patchwork quilt for our wedding gift.
comforter blanket
complex
The complex network of Tokyo’s mass transit system isn’t easy to figure out.
complicated
The company’s problems are quite complicated.
This movie is too complex for children to understand.
stiff
The tailor suggested a stiff fabric for this dress shirt.
The stiff suit made the boss look very tense and rigid.
My neck became stiff after sitting in front of the computer all day.
My neck feels very stiff and sore.
trace
The boy used a pencil to trace his palm on a piece of paper.
Molly learned how write the alphabet by tracing each letter.
The police traced the missing boy to Chicago.

1.18

(verb) in to place
art of …

batting
The comforter’s cotton batting is getting thinner.
The Indian captain successfully opened the batting in their first cricket game.
The coach changed the batting sequence right before the game.
stitch
The stitches of the buttonholes were all hand sewn.
I’m not good at knitting.I always drop stitches.
The wound on the patient’s head needed 20 stitches.
Mom used a sewing machine to stitch the split in my dress.
appreciate
Not many appreciated this artist’s work at the beginning of his career.
Many people stopped to appreciate the singer’s performance.
I appreciate how hard it is for you to work and study at the same time.
thread
There are many colors of thread in this sewing kit.
Don’t pull on that loose thread.You might open up the seam.
A thread of light came through the blinds.

1.19
The third time’s the charm!
as red as a tomato
as strong as an ox
as busy as a bee
as quiet as a mouse
as brave as a lion
as free as a bird
only hope of…

boarding school
Daniel studies at a boarding school at Canada.
This boarding school is famous for its students’ academic achievement.
Would you ever send your children to boarding school?
terrify
The bullies terrify the boy, so he refused to go to school.
terrifying
Joyce had a terrifying experience when she went bungee jumping.
terrified
The little girl is terrified of masks.
Cindy has never travelled aboard because she is terrified of flying.
courageous
The movie start saved the wounded driver, and his courageous act made the headlines.
It was a courageous of the girl to fight against sexism in her society.
The soldier was a courageous and brave man.
fierce
There is a fierce battle for the control of Syria.
The coastal area was seriously damaged by the fierce typhoon.
The fierce animals were locked in cages so they couldn’t hurt anyone.

1.20
continuous vs. continual

flee
The fugitives fled the prison and disappeared into the mountains.
Many people fled from the war zone to rural areas.
The suspects might have fled the country by boat.
appoint
Lucy was appointed to be the manager of our HR department.
assign
Peter was assigned to wash the dishes.
appointment
His appointment as vice president was questioned by lots of people.
uninjured
Fortunately, all passengers involved in the accident was safe and uninjured.
The little girl who fell down the stairs was shocked but uninjured.
politics
Ramen is interested in going into politics.
Howard’s politics are extreme.
Politics is my favorite subject. 

1.21
time after time
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few
Fair enough!
Success Is Going from Failure to Failure Without Losing Your Enthusiasm(http://quoteinvestigator.com/2014/06/28/success/)

applaud
The police officer’s brave actions were applauded by many people.
Billy’s contribution to the project was applauded by his teammates and supervisor.
owe
Ricky owe his success to his family. They’ve been very supportive.
The boost in sales owes its success to our new product.
I owe my sister 200$. I need to pay her back when I get paid.
heartbroken
Robert was heartbroken when his grandfather passed away.
Marian was heartbroken when she found out her boyfriend had cheated on her.
admirable
What the boy did was admirable. He rescued his little sister from the flood.
The spokesperson did admirable job during the press conference.
admire
An Li is admired by many for his humility.

1.23
a good amount of…
tiny amounts of food

Alex found his dusty guitar in the garage and decided to join a band again.
We were riding our motorcycles on a dusty road.
motivation
For most students, getting good grades is their main motivation for studying.
Bobby lacks the motivation to excel in his career.
motive 
motive for the attack
decrease
The unemployment rate decreased last month.
increase
The power of the typhoon has increased in the past few hours.
A sharp decrease in sales
relaunch
The actor is hoping to relaunch his career with this movie.
The success of this magazine’s relaunch is due to the new editor in chief.

1.24
It’s crazy day at work today.
The traffic is crazy this morning.
It was crazy night.
I’ll contact her.
Tell billy to be on time.
I was a cute and chubby little baby.
… wouldn’t hurt — It’s good idea to have those things
Keep in mind…
- Do you mind turning on the light?
- No, I don’t mind. / Sure, no problem.
- Would you mind if we have noodle for lunch today.
- I wouldn’t mind. / I wouldn’t mind at all.
… and … are everything

gear
Tomas spend a lot of money on fishing gear.
The girl wore the latest gear to the party.
My car has five gears.
harness
The instructor checked all the harnesses on our parachutes before taking off.
The stroller’s harness is too loose for the baby.
cushion
The sponge on the ground provides a cushion for the kids playing on the slide.
The colorful cushions on the sofa brightened up the living room.
vital
It is vital for these refugees to get medical care.
Nutritious diets are vital to children’s growth.
Edward still leads a vital lifestyle even though he’s over 75.

1.25
full of hot air
to have a big head
to fit through a doorway
I’m eager to see my friends.
eager for some warm wether
The temperature is rising and the snow is melting.
Bob always brags about how much money he earns.

breath
The girl took a deep breath before diving into the water.
I was out of breath after running.
You breath smells like garlic.
breathe
The baby is breathing smoothly.
dispute
The border dispute was the last straw, and both countries declared war.
The long-term dispute between the two neighbors affected the whole neighborhood.
howl
The wind kept howling until the hurricane left the area.
The wolves were howling in the woods all night.
The howl of the wind was so loud that it kept me awake all night.
occasion
Jonathon talked about his mysterious girlfriend only on one occasion.
This is not the occasion to discuss the issue.
Pamela bought a new dress just for the occasion.

1.26
(verb) to a halt
All of us have a place around the world where we live.
He was born into a musical family.
She was born into a farm family.
born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
to put a stop to…
Let’s make a bet!

halt
The filming of the movie came to a halt because of insufficient funds.
The football game was called to a halt because of the heavy rain.
Production was halted because the machine broke down.
blurt out
Alice blurts out whatever’s on her mind.
Henry blurted out his secret when he was drunk.
whistle
Max whistled all the way home from school because he got an A on his quiz.
Some boys whistled at Hannah because she wore a very pretty dress today.
beat
Shawn always beats me at badminton.
Our team was beaten by our opponents by only two points.
The gangsters beat up the boy, and he was hospitalized.

1.27

He ate noodles for lunch five days in a role.
They won seven games in  a role last month.
under the weather

collar
The robber grabbed the clerk by the collar and beat him up.
The woman was wearing a dress with a fur collar.
All dogs are required to wear collars in this park.
smooth
The girl smoothed her hair and her jacket before she went into the room for her interview.
He smoothed down the wrinkled page of the magazine and closed it.
She smoothed sunblock on her arms.
beam
In the weak beam of the flashlight, we slowly left the dark building.
A single beam of light shone on the actor, and he started his monologue.
The light from the lighthouse is beaming brightly on to the sea, guiding the ships into the harbor.
shade
persuade
After a lot of persuasion, the girl finally left her mom and went into the classroom.
Everyone tried to persuade her to give up acting, but she wouldn’t listen.


1.28
stand guard

characteristic
One characteristic of a great athlete is perseverance.
character
The antique armchair gave the room character.
distinctive
Her distinctive acting style got this beloved movie star another Oscar.
The distinctive smell of stinky tofu repels a lot of foreigners, but Chinese people love it.
territorial
The tiger in the cage showed territorial behavior when the zookeeper got near.
The territorial dispute was finally resolved by signing a treaty.
disturbance
Local residents could no longer tolerate the disturbances caused by the bar, so they asked the owner  to move.
Many customers were injured in the disturbance at the night club last night.

1.30
I don’t like my old boss.
You can choose from those colors.
There are so many kinds of musics to choose from.
countdown to...
take the plunge
dreaded

angst
Ashly is going through a period of angst.Nothing seems right in her life.
The play depicts the sorrow and angst of aging.
prompt
Today’s essay prompt is:”The most unforgettable traveling experience.”
The teacher made a list of writing prompts that she can use in her teaching.
The host of this show never needs off-stage prompts.
diversity
The tourism promotional video shows the diversity of Taipei City.
diverse
The on-line shopping website boasts a diverse range of merchandise.
outrage
The way the kidnappers treated their hostages outraged people.
The politician’s disrespectful comment towards Asians outraged many minority groups.
The way the kidnappers treated their hostages outraged people.
outrageous


1.31
to put a face to…
to jog one’s memory
mountain climbing — mountaineers — 登山
hiking in the mountains
(verb) with a bang
to draw in...

statistic
Statistics prove that adequate coffee intake is good for one's helath.
According to statistics, Taiwan's brithrate is the lowest in the world.
Brandon is taking statistics and calculus this semester.
probe
The reporter probed deep into the case and revealed the scandal.
probing
The probing questions about the singer's private life irritated her.
entice
The smell of the freshly baked cookies enticed me to go intothe bakery.
enticing
No girl can resist his enticing smile.
proofread
Before turning it in, I asked my tutor to proofread my report.
The editor found several grammatical mistakes when she proofread the manuscripts.
proof
Can you proof for me?

